( Concerning Dangers From Foreign Force and Influence ) For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : IT IS not a new observation that the people of any country ( if , like the Americans , intelligent and wellinformed ) seldom adopt and steadily persevere for many years in an erroneous opinion respecting their interests .
That consideration naturally tends to create great respect for the high opinion which the people of America have so long and uniformly entertained of the importance of their continuing firmly united under one federal government , vested with sufficient powers for all general and national purposes .
The more attentively I consider and investigate the reasons which appear to have given birth to this opinion , the more I become convinced that they are cogent and conclusive .
Among the many objects to which a wise and free people find it necessary to direct their attention , that of providing for their SAFETY seems to be the first .
The SAFETY of the people doubtless has relation to a great variety of circumstances and considerations , and consequently affords great latitude to those who wish to define it precisely and comprehensively .
At present I mean only to consider it as it respects security for the preservation of peace and tranquillity , as well as against dangers from FOREIGN ARMS AND INFLUENCE , as from dangers of the LIKE KIND arising from domestic causes .
As the former of these comes first in order , it is proper it should be the first discussed .
Let us therefore proceed to examine whether the people are not right in their opinion that a cordial Union , under an efficient national government , affords them the best security that can be devised against HOSTILITIES from abroad .
The number of wars which have happened or will happen in the world will always be found to be in proportion to the number and weight of the causes , whether REAL or PRETENDED , which PROVOKE or INVITE them .
The JUST causes of war , for the most part , arise either from violation of treaties or from direct violence .
America has already formed treaties with no less than six foreign nations , and all of them , except Prussia , are maritime , and therefore able to annoy and injure us .
She has also extensive commerce with Portugal , Spain , and Britain , and , with respect to the two latter , has , in addition , the circumstance of neighborhood to attend to .
The wisdom of the convention , in committing such questions to the jurisdiction and judgment of courts appointed by and responsible only to one national government , cannot be too much commended .
The case of the treaty of peace with Britain adds great weight to this reasoning .
But the national government , not being affected by those local circumstances , will neither be induced to commit the wrong themselves , nor want power or inclination to prevent or punish its commission by others .
As to those just causes of war which proceed from direct and unlawful violence , it appears equally clear to me that one good national government affords vastly more security against dangers of that sort than can be derived from any other quarter .
Because such violences are more frequently caused by the passions and interests of a part than of the whole ; of one or two States than of the Union .
The neighborhood of Spanish and British territories , bordering on some States and not on others , naturally confines the causes of quarrel more immediately to the borderers .
But not only fewer just causes of war will be given by the national government , but it will also be more in their power to accommodate and settle them amicably .
They will be more temperate and cool , and in that respect , as well as in others , will be more in capacity to act advisedly than the offending State .
The pride of states , as well as of men , naturally disposes them to justify all their actions , and opposes their acknowledging , correcting , or repairing their errors and offenses .
The national government , in such cases , will not be affected by this pride , but will proceed with moderation and candor to consider and decide on the means most proper to extricate them from the difficulties which threaten them .
Besides , it is well known that acknowledgments , explanations , and compensations are often accepted as satisfactory from a strong united nation , which would be rejected as unsatisfactory if offered by a State or confederacy of little consideration or power .
In the year 1685 , the state of Genoa having offended Louis XIV . , endeavored to appease him .
He demanded that they should send their Doge , or chief magistrate , accompanied by four of their senators , to FRANCE , to ask his pardon and receive his terms .
They were obliged to submit to it for the sake of peace .
Would he on any occasion either have demanded or have received the like humiliation from Spain , or Britain , or any other POWERFUL nation ?
The Same Subject Continued ( Concerning Dangers From Foreign Force and Influence ) For the Independent Journal .
These and a variety of other motives , which affect only the mind of the sovereign , often lead him to engage in wars not sanctified by justice or the voice and interests of his people .
With France and with Britain we are rivals in the fisheries , and can supply their markets cheaper than they can themselves , notwithstanding any efforts to prevent it by bounties on their own or duties on foreign fish .
In the trade to China and India , we interfere with more than one nation , inasmuch as it enables us to partake in advantages which they had in a manner monopolized , and as we thereby supply ourselves with commodities which we used to purchase from them .
Wisely , therefore , do they consider union and a good national government as necessary to put and keep them in SUCH A SITUATION as , instead of INVITING war , will tend to repress and discourage it .
That situation consists in the best possible state of defense , and necessarily depends on the government , the arms , and the resources of the country .
One government can collect and avail itself of the talents and experience of the ablest men , in whatever part of the Union they may be found .
It can move on uniform principles of policy .
It can harmonize , assimilate , and protect the several parts and members , and extend the benefit of its foresight and precautions to each .
In the formation of treaties , it will regard the interest of the whole , and the particular interests of the parts as connected with that of the whole .
It can apply the resources and power of the whole to the defense of any particular part , and that more easily and expeditiously than State governments or separate confederacies can possibly do , for want of concert and unity of system .
What would the militia of Britain be if the English militia obeyed the government of England , if the Scotch militia obeyed the government of Scotland , and if the Welsh militia obeyed the government of Wales ?
Suppose an invasion ; would those three governments ( if they agreed at all ) be able , with all their respective forces , to operate against the enemy so effectually as the single government of Great Britain would ?
We have heard much of the fleets of Britain , and the time may come , if we are wise , when the fleets of America may engage attention .
But if one national government , had not so regulated the navigation of Britain as to make it a nursery for seamen--if one national government had not called forth all the national means and materials for forming fleets , their prowess and their thunder would never have been celebrated .
Apply these facts to our own case .
Leave America divided into thirteen or , if you please , into three or four independent governments--what armies could they raise and pay--what fleets could they ever hope to have ?
If one was attacked , would the others fly to its succor , and spend their blood and money in its defense ?
Although such conduct would not be wise , it would , nevertheless , be natural .
The history of the states of Greece , and of other countries , abounds with such instances , and it is not improbable that what has so often happened would , under similar circumstances , happen again .
But admit that they might be willing to help the invaded State or confederacy .
How , and when , and in what proportion shall aids of men and money be afforded ?
Who shall command the allied armies , and from which of them shall he receive his orders ?
Who shall settle the terms of peace , and in case of disputes what umpire shall decide between them and compel acquiescence ?
But whatever may be our situation , whether firmly united under one national government , or split into a number of confederacies , certain it is , that foreign nations will know and view it exactly as it is ; and they will act toward us accordingly .
How liable would she become not only to their contempt but to their outrage , and how soon would dear-bought experience proclaim that when a people or family so divide , it never fails to be against themselves .
The Same Subject Continued ( Concerning Dangers From Foreign Force and Influence ) For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : QUEEN ANNE , in her letter of the 1st July , 1706 , to the Scotch Parliament , makes some observations on the importance of the UNION then forming between England and Scotland , which merit our attention .
It must increase your strength , riches , and trade ; and by this union the whole island , being joined in affection and free from all apprehensions of different interest , will be ENABLED TO RESIST ALL ITS ENEMIES . "
It was remarked in the preceding paper , that weakness and divisions at home would invite dangers from abroad ; and that nothing would tend more to secure us from them than union , strength , and good government within ourselves .
This subject is copious and cannot easily be exhausted .
The history of Great Britain is the one with which we are in general the best acquainted , and it gives us many useful lessons .
We may profit by their experience without paying the price which it cost them .
Although it seems obvious to common sense that the people of such an island should be but one nation , yet we find that they were for ages divided into three , and that those three were almost constantly embroiled in quarrels and wars with one another .
Should the people of America divide themselves into three or four nations , would not the same thing happen ?
Would not similar jealousies arise , and be in like manner cherished ?
Hence , like most other BORDERING nations , they would always be either involved in disputes and war , or live in the constant apprehension of them .
For it cannot be presumed that the same degree of sound policy , prudence , and foresight would uniformly be observed by each of these confederacies for a long succession of years .
Both those passions would lead them to countenance , if not to promote , whatever might promise to diminish her importance ; and would also restrain them from measures calculated to advance or even to secure her prosperity .
Much time would not be necessary to enable her to discern these unfriendly dispositions .
She would soon begin , not only to lose confidence in her neighbors , but also to feel a disposition equally unfavorable to them .
Distrust naturally creates distrust , and by nothing is good-will and kind conduct more speedily changed than by invidious jealousies and uncandid imputations , whether expressed or implied .
The North is generally the region of strength , and many local circumstances render it probable that the most Northern of the proposed confederacies would , at a period not very distant , be unquestionably more formidable than any of the others .
No sooner would this become evident than the NORTHERN HIVE would excite the same ideas and sensations in the more southern parts of America which it formerly did in the southern parts of Europe .
Nor does it appear to be a rash conjecture that its young swarms might often be tempted to gather honey in the more blooming fields and milder air of their luxurious and more delicate neighbors .
When did the independent states , into which Britain and Spain were formerly divided , combine in such alliance , or unite their forces against a foreign enemy ?
The proposed confederacies will be DISTINCT NATIONS .
Each of them would have its commerce with foreigners to regulate by distinct treaties ; and as their productions and commodities are different and proper for different markets , so would those treaties be essentially different .
Different commercial concerns must create different interests , and of course different degrees of political attachment to and connection with different foreign nations .
Hence it might and probably would happen that the foreign nation with whom the SOUTHERN confederacy might be at war would be the one with whom the NORTHERN confederacy would be the most desirous of preserving peace and friendship .
An alliance so contrary to their immediate interest would not therefore be easy to form , nor , if formed , would it be observed and fulfilled with perfect good faith .
Nay , it is far more probable that in America , as in Europe , neighboring nations , acting under the impulse of opposite interests and unfriendly passions , would frequently be found taking different sides .
And here let us not forget how much more easy it is to receive foreign fleets into our ports , and foreign armies into our country , than it is to persuade or compel them to depart .
How many conquests did the Romans and others make in the characters of allies , and what innovations did they under the same character introduce into the governments of those whom they pretended to protect .
Let candid men judge , then , whether the division of America into any given number of independent sovereignties would tend to secure us against the hostilities and improper interference of foreign nations .
Concerning Dangers from Dissensions Between the States For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : THE three last numbers of this paper have been dedicated to an enumeration of the dangers to which we should be exposed , in a state of disunion , from the arms and arts of foreign nations .
I shall now proceed to delineate dangers of a different and , perhaps , still more alarming kind--those which will in all probability flow from dissensions between the States themselves , and from domestic factions and convulsions .
These have been already in some instances slightly anticipated ; but they deserve a more particular and more full investigation .
A man must be far gone in Utopian speculations who can seriously doubt that , if these States should either be wholly disunited , or only united in partial confederacies , the subdivisions into which they might be thrown would have frequent and violent contests with each other .
To presume a want of motives for such contests as an argument against their existence , would be to forget that men are ambitious , vindictive , and rapacious .
To look for a continuation of harmony between a number of independent , unconnected sovereignties in the same neighborhood , would be to disregard the uniform course of human events , and to set at defiance the accumulated experience of ages .
The causes of hostility among nations are innumerable .
There are some which have a general and almost constant operation upon the collective bodies of society .
Of this description are the love of power or the desire of pre-eminence and dominion--the jealousy of power , or the desire of equality and safety .
There are others which have a more circumscribed though an equally operative influence within their spheres .
Such are the rivalships and competitions of commerce between commercial nations .
And there are others , not less numerous than either of the former , which take their origin entirely in private passions ; in the attachments , enmities , interests , hopes , and fears of leading individuals in the communities of which they are members .
The celebrated Pericles , in compliance with the resentment of a prostitute , 1 at the expense of much of the blood and treasure of his countrymen , attacked , vanquished , and destroyed the city of the SAMNIANS .
For if there ever was a sovereign who bid fair to realize the project of universal monarchy , it was the Emperor Charles V. , of whose intrigues Wolsey was at once the instrument and the dupe .
To multiply examples of the agency of personal considerations in the production of great national events , either foreign or domestic , according to their direction , would be an unnecessary waste of time .
Perhaps , however , a reference , tending to illustrate the general principle , may with propriety be made to a case which has lately happened among ourselves .
If Shays had not been a DESPERATE DEBTOR , it is much to be doubted whether Massachusetts would have been plunged into a civil war .
But notwithstanding the concurring testimony of experience , in this particular , there are still to be found visionary or designing men , who stand ready to advocate the paradox of perpetual peace between the States , though dismembered and alienated from each other .
The genius of republics ( say they ) is pacific ; the spirit of commerce has a tendency to soften the manners of men , and to extinguish those inflammable humors which have so often kindled into wars .
Commercial republics , like ours , will never be disposed to waste themselves in ruinous contentions with each other .
They will be governed by mutual interest , and will cultivate a spirit of mutual amity and concord .
Is it not ( we may ask these projectors in politics ) the true interest of all nations to cultivate the same benevolent and philosophic spirit ?
If this be their true interest , have they in fact pursued it ?
Has it not , on the contrary , invariably been found that momentary passions , and immediate interest , have a more active and imperious control over human conduct than general or remote considerations of policy , utility or justice ?
Have republics in practice been less addicted to war than monarchies ?
Are not the former administered by MEN as well as the latter ?
Are there not aversions , predilections , rivalships , and desires of unjust acquisitions , that affect nations as well as kings ?
Are not popular assemblies frequently subject to the impulses of rage , resentment , jealousy , avarice , and of other irregular and violent propensities ?
Is it not well known that their determinations are often governed by a few individuals in whom they place confidence , and are , of course , liable to be tinctured by the passions and views of those individuals ?
Has commerce hitherto done anything more than change the objects of war ?
Is not the love of wealth as domineering and enterprising a passion as that of power or glory ?
Have there not been as many wars founded upon commercial motives since that has become the prevailing system of nations , as were before occasioned by the cupidity of territory or dominion ?
Has not the spirit of commerce , in many instances , administered new incentives to the appetite , both for the one and for the other ?
Let experience , the least fallible guide of human opinions , be appealed to for an answer to these inquiries .
Sparta , Athens , Rome , and Carthage were all republics ; two of them , Athens and Carthage , of the commercial kind .
Yet were they as often engaged in wars , offensive and defensive , as the neighboring monarchies of the same times .
Sparta was little better than a wellregulated camp ; and Rome was never sated of carnage and conquest .
Carthage , though a commercial republic , was the aggressor in the very war that ended in her destruction .
Hannibal had carried her arms into the heart of Italy and to the gates of Rome , before Scipio , in turn , gave him an overthrow in the territories of Carthage , and made a conquest of the commonwealth .
The provinces of Holland , till they were overwhelmed in debts and taxes , took a leading and conspicuous part in the wars of Europe .
They had furious contests with England for the dominion of the sea , and were among the most persevering and most implacable of the opponents of Louis XIV .
In the government of Britain the representatives of the people compose one branch of the national legislature .
Commerce has been for ages the predominant pursuit of that country .
Few nations , nevertheless , have been more frequently engaged in war ; and the wars in which that kingdom has been engaged have , in numerous instances , proceeded from the people .
There have been , if I may so express it , almost as many popular as royal wars .
The cries of the nation and the importunities of their representatives have , upon various occasions , dragged their monarchs into war , or continued them in it , contrary to their inclinations , and sometimes contrary to the real interests of the State .
The wars of these two last-mentioned nations have in a great measure grown out of commercial considerations , --the desire of supplanting and the fear of being supplanted , either in particular branches of traffic or in the general advantages of trade and navigation .
Have we not already seen enough of the fallacy and extravagance of those idle theories which have amused us with promises of an exemption from the imperfections , weaknesses and evils incident to society in every shape ?
1 Aspasia , vide " Plutarch 's Life of Pericles . " 2 Ibid .
4 ] Ibid .
Phidias was supposed to have stolen some public gold , with the connivance of Pericles , for the embellishment of the statue of Minerva .
5 P Worn by the popes .
6 Madame de Maintenon .
7 Duchess of Marlborough .
8 Madame de Pompadour .
9 The League of Cambray , comprehending the Emperor , the King of France , the King of Aragon , and most of the Italian princes and states .
10 The Duke of Marlborough .
11 Vide " Principes des Negociations " par l 'Abbe de Mably .
The Same Subject Continued ( Concerning Dangers from Dissensions Between the States ) For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : IT IS sometimes asked , with an air of seeming triumph , what inducements could the States have , if disunited , to make war upon each other ?
It would be a full answer to this question to say--precisely the same inducements which have , at different times , deluged in blood all the nations in the world .
But , unfortunately for us , the question admits of a more particular answer .
There are causes of differences within our immediate contemplation , of the tendency of which , even under the restraints of a federal constitution , we have had sufficient experience to enable us to form a judgment of what might be expected if those restraints were removed .
Territorial disputes have at all times been found one of the most fertile sources of hostility among nations .
Perhaps the greatest proportion of wars that have desolated the earth have sprung from this origin .
This cause would exist among us in full force .
We have a vast tract of unsettled territory within the boundaries of the United States .
There still are discordant and undecided claims between several of them , and the dissolution of the Union would lay a foundation for similar claims between them all .
It is well known that they have heretofore had serious and animated discussion concerning the rights to the lands which were ungranted at the time of the Revolution , and which usually went under the name of crown lands .
This , it has been said , was at all events an acquisition to the Confederacy by compact with a foreign power .
It has been the prudent policy of Congress to appease this controversy , by prevailing upon the States to make cessions to the United States for the benefit of the whole .
This has been so far accomplished as , under a continuation of the Union , to afford a decided prospect of an amicable termination of the dispute .
A dismemberment of the Confederacy , however , would revive this dispute , and would create others on the same subject .
At present , a large part of the vacant Western territory is , by cession at least , if not by any anterior right , the common property of the Union .
If that were at an end , the States which made the cession , on a principle of federal compromise , would be apt when the motive of the grant had ceased , to reclaim the lands as a reversion .
The other States would no doubt insist on a proportion , by right of representation .
Their argument would be , that a grant , once made , could not be revoked ; and that the justice of participating in territory acquired or secured by the joint efforts of the Confederacy , remained undiminished .
If , contrary to probability , it should be admitted by all the States , that each had a right to a share of this common stock , there would still be a difficulty to be surmounted , as to a proper rule of apportionment .
Different principles would be set up by different States for this purpose ; and as they would affect the opposite interests of the parties , they might not easily be susceptible of a pacific adjustment .
In the wide field of Western territory , therefore , we perceive an ample theatre for hostile pretensions , without any umpire or common judge to interpose between the contending parties .
To reason from the past to the future , we shall have good ground to apprehend , that the sword would sometimes be appealed to as the arbiter of their differences .
The circumstances of the dispute between Connecticut and Pennsylvania , respecting the land at Wyoming , admonish us not to be sanguine in expecting an easy accommodation of such differences .
The articles of confederation obliged the parties to submit the matter to the decision of a federal court .
The submission was made , and the court decided in favor of Pennsylvania .
But Connecticut gave strong indications of dissatisfaction with that determination ; nor did she appear to be entirely resigned to it , till , by negotiation and management , something like an equivalent was found for the loss she supposed herself to have sustained .
Nothing here said is intended to convey the slightest censure on the conduct of that State .
She no doubt sincerely believed herself to have been injured by the decision ; and States , like individuals , acquiesce with great reluctance in determinations to their disadvantage .
Two motives preponderated in that opposition : one , a jealousy entertained of our future power ; and the other , the interest of certain individuals of influence in the neighboring States , who had obtained grants of lands under the actual government of that district .
Even the States which brought forward claims , in contradiction to ours , seemed more solicitous to dismember this State , than to establish their own pretensions .
These were New Hampshire , Massachusetts , and Connecticut .
New Jersey and Rhode Island , upon all occasions , discovered a warm zeal for the independence of Vermont ; and Maryland , till alarmed by the appearance of a connection between Canada and that State , entered deeply into the same views .
These being small States , saw with an unfriendly eye the perspective of our growing greatness .
In a review of these transactions we may trace some of the causes which would be likely to embroil the States with each other , if it should be their unpropitious destiny to become disunited .
The competitions of commerce would be another fruitful source of contention .
The States less favorably circumstanced would be desirous of escaping from the disadvantages of local situation , and of sharing in the advantages of their more fortunate neighbors .
Each State , or separate confederacy , would pursue a system of commercial policy peculiar to itself .
This would occasion distinctions , preferences , and exclusions , which would beget discontent .
The habits of intercourse , on the basis of equal privileges , to which we have been accustomed since the earliest settlement of the country , would give a keener edge to those causes of discontent than they would naturally have independent of this circumstance .
WE SHOULD BE READY TO DENOMINATE INJURIES THOSE THINGS WHICH WERE IN REALITY THE JUSTIFIABLE ACTS OF INDEPENDENT SOVEREIGNTIES CONSULTING A DISTINCT INTEREST .
The spirit of enterprise , which characterizes the commercial part of America , has left no occasion of displaying itself unimproved .
It is not at all probable that this unbridled spirit would pay much respect to those regulations of trade by which particular States might endeavor to secure exclusive benefits to their own citizens .
The infractions of these regulations , on one side , the efforts to prevent and repel them , on the other , would naturally lead to outrages , and these to reprisals and wars .
The opportunities which some States would have of rendering others tributary to them by commercial regulations would be impatiently submitted to by the tributary States .
The relative situation of New York , Connecticut , and New Jersey would afford an example of this kind .
New York , from the necessities of revenue , must lay duties on her importations .
A great part of these duties must be paid by the inhabitants of the two other States in the capacity of consumers of what we import .
New York would neither be willing nor able to forego this advantage .
Her citizens would not consent that a duty paid by them should be remitted in favor of the citizens of her neighbors ; nor would it be practicable , if there were not this impediment in the way , to distinguish the customers in our own markets .
Would Connecticut and New Jersey long submit to be taxed by New York for her exclusive benefit ?
Should we be long permitted to remain in the quiet and undisturbed enjoyment of a metropolis , from the possession of which we derived an advantage so odious to our neighbors , and , in their opinion , so oppressive ?
Should we be able to preserve it against the incumbent weight of Connecticut on the one side , and the co-operating pressure of New Jersey on the other ?
These are questions that temerity alone will answer in the affirmative .
The public debt of the Union would be a further cause of collision between the separate States or confederacies .
The apportionment , in the first instance , and the progressive extinguishment afterward , would be alike productive of ill-humor and animosity .
How would it be possible to agree upon a rule of apportionment satisfactory to all ?
There is scarcely any that can be proposed which is entirely free from real objections .
These , as usual , would be exaggerated by the adverse interest of the parties .
There are even dissimilar views among the States as to the general principle of discharging the public debt .
Some of them , either less impressed with the importance of national credit , or because their citizens have little , if any , immediate interest in the question , feel an indifference , if not a repugnance , to the payment of the domestic debt at any rate .
These would be inclined to magnify the difficulties of a distribution .
Others of them , a numerous body of whose citizens are creditors to the public beyond proportion of the State in the total amount of the national debt , would be strenuous for some equitable and effective provision .
The procrastinations of the former would excite the resentments of the latter .
The settlement of a rule would , in the meantime , be postponed by real differences of opinion and affected delays .
The citizens of the States interested would clamour ; foreign powers would urge for the satisfaction of their just demands , and the peace of the States would be hazarded to the double contingency of external invasion and internal contention .
Suppose the difficulties of agreeing upon a rule surmounted , and the apportionment made .
Still there is great room to suppose that the rule agreed upon would , upon experiment , be found to bear harder upon some States than upon others .
Those which were sufferers by it would naturally seek for a mitigation of the burden .
The others would as naturally be disinclined to a revision , which was likely to end in an increase of their own incumbrances .
Their refusal would be too plausible a pretext to the complaining States to withhold their contributions , not to be embraced with avidity ; and the non-compliance of these States with their engagements would be a ground of bitter discussion and altercation .
Delinquencies , from whatever causes , would be productive of complaints , recriminations , and quarrels .
There is , perhaps , nothing more likely to disturb the tranquillity of nations than their being bound to mutual contributions for any common object that does not yield an equal and coincident benefit .
For it is an observation , as true as it is trite , that there is nothing men differ so readily about as the payment of money .
Laws in violation of private contracts , as they amount to aggressions on the rights of those States whose citizens are injured by them , may be considered as another probable source of hostility .
We are not authorized to expect that a more liberal or more equitable spirit would preside over the legislations of the individual States hereafter , if unrestrained by any additional checks , than we have heretofore seen in too many instances disgracing their several codes .
The probability of incompatible alliances between the different States or confederacies and different foreign nations , and the effects of this situation upon the peace of the whole , have been sufficiently unfolded in some preceding papers .
Divide et impera1 must be the motto of every nation that either hates or fears us.2 PUBLIUS .
1 Divide and command .
2 In order that the whole subject of these papers may as soon as possible be laid before the public , it is proposed to publish them four times a week--on Tuesday in the New York Packet and on Thursday in the Daily Advertiser .
The Consequences of Hostilities Between the States From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , November 20 , 1787 .
War between the States , in the first period of their separate existence , would be accompanied with much greater distresses than it commonly is in those countries where regular military establishments have long obtained .
The art of fortification has contributed to the same ends .
The nations of Europe are encircled with chains of fortified places , which mutually obstruct invasion .
Campaigns are wasted in reducing two or three frontier garrisons , to gain admittance into an enemy 's country .
Similar impediments occur at every step , to exhaust the strength and delay the progress of an invader .
In this country the scene would be altogether reversed .
The jealousy of military establishments would postpone them as long as possible .
The want of fortifications , leaving the frontiers of one state open to another , would facilitate inroads .
The populous States would , with little difficulty , overrun their less populous neighbors .
Conquests would be as easy to be made as difficult to be retained .
War , therefore , would be desultory and predatory .
PLUNDER and devastation ever march in the train of irregulars .
The calamities of individuals would make the principal figure in the events which would characterize our military exploits .
This picture is not too highly wrought ; though , I confess , it would not long remain a just one .
Safety from external danger is the most powerful director of national conduct .
Even the ardent love of liberty will , after a time , give way to its dictates .
To be more safe , they at length become willing to run the risk of being less free .
The institutions chiefly alluded to are STANDING ARMIES and the correspondent appendages of military establishments .
Standing armies , it is said , are not provided against in the new Constitution ; and it is therefore inferred that they may exist under it.1 Their existence , however , from the very terms of the proposition , is , at most , problematical and uncertain .
But standing armies , it may be replied , must inevitably result from a dissolution of the Confederacy .
Frequent war and constant apprehension , which require a state of as constant preparation , will infallibly produce them .
The weaker States or confederacies would first have recourse to them , to put themselves upon an equality with their more potent neighbors .
They would endeavor to supply the inferiority of population and resources by a more regular and effective system of defense , by disciplined troops , and by fortifications .
They would , at the same time , be necessitated to strengthen the executive arm of government , in doing which their constitutions would acquire a progressive direction toward monarchy .
It is of the nature of war to increase the executive at the expense of the legislative authority .
The expedients which have been mentioned would soon give the States or confederacies that made use of them a superiority over their neighbors .
Small states , or states of less natural strength , under vigorous governments , and with the assistance of disciplined armies , have often triumphed over large states , or states of greater natural strength , which have been destitute of these advantages .
Neither the pride nor the safety of the more important States or confederacies would permit them long to submit to this mortifying and adventitious superiority .
They would quickly resort to means similar to those by which it had been effected , to reinstate themselves in their lost pre-eminence .
Thus , we should , in a little time , see established in every part of this country the same engines of despotism which have been the scourge of the Old World .
This , at least , would be the natural course of things ; and our reasonings will be the more likely to be just , in proportion as they are accommodated to this standard .
It may , perhaps , be asked , by way of objection to this , why did not standing armies spring up out of the contentions which so often distracted the ancient republics of Greece ?
Different answers , equally satisfactory , may be given to this question .
There is a wide difference , also , between military establishments in a country seldom exposed by its situation to internal invasions , and in one which is often subject to them , and always apprehensive of them .
The rulers of the former can have a good pretext , if they are even so inclined , to keep on foot armies so numerous as must of necessity be maintained in the latter .
These armies being , in the first case , rarely , if at all , called into activity for interior defense , the people are in no danger of being broken to military subordination .
The laws are not accustomed to relaxations , in favor of military exigencies ; the civil state remains in full vigor , neither corrupted , nor confounded with the principles or propensities of the other state .
The army under such circumstances may usefully aid the magistrate to suppress a small faction , or an occasional mob , or insurrection ; but it will be unable to enforce encroachments against the united efforts of the great body of the people .
In a country in the predicament last described , the contrary of all this happens .
The perpetual menacings of danger oblige the government to be always prepared to repel it ; its armies must be numerous enough for instant defense .
The continual necessity for their services enhances the importance of the soldier , and proportionably degrades the condition of the citizen .
The military state becomes elevated above the civil .
The transition from this disposition to that of considering them masters , is neither remote nor difficult ; but it is very difficult to prevail upon a people under such impressions , to make a bold or effectual resistance to usurpations supported by the military power .
The kingdom of Great Britain falls within the first description .
An insular situation , and a powerful marine , guarding it in a great measure against the possibility of foreign invasion , supersede the necessity of a numerous army within the kingdom .
A sufficient force to make head against a sudden descent , till the militia could have time to rally and embody , is all that has been deemed requisite .
No motive of national policy has demanded , nor would public opinion have tolerated , a larger number of troops upon its domestic establishment .
There has been , for a long time past , little room for the operation of the other causes , which have been enumerated as the consequences of internal war .
This peculiar felicity of situation has , in a great degree , contributed to preserve the liberty which that country to this day enjoys , in spite of the prevalent venality and corruption .
T is possible , though not easy , that the people of that island may be enslaved from other causes ; but it cannot be by the prowess of an army so inconsiderable as that which has been usually kept up within the kingdom .
If we are wise enough to preserve the Union we may for ages enjoy an advantage similar to that of an insulated situation .
Europe is at a great distance from us .
Her colonies in our vicinity will be likely to continue too much disproportioned in strength to be able to give us any dangerous annoyance .
Extensive military establishments cannot , in this position , be necessary to our security .
This is an idea not superficial or futile , but solid and weighty .
It deserves the most serious and mature consideration of every prudent and honest man of whatever party .
The airy phantoms that flit before the distempered imaginations of some of its adversaries would quickly give place to the more substantial forms of dangers , real , certain , and formidable .
The Union as a Safeguard Against Domestic Faction and Insurrection For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : A FIRM Union will be of the utmost moment to the peace and liberty of the States , as a barrier against domestic faction and insurrection .
If they exhibit occasional calms , these only serve as short-lived contrast to the furious storms that are to succeed .
If now and then intervals of felicity open to view , we behold them with a mixture of regret , arising from the reflection that the pleasing scenes before us are soon to be overwhelmed by the tempestuous waves of sedition and party rage .
From the disorders that disfigure the annals of those republics the advocates of despotism have drawn arguments , not only against the forms of republican government , but against the very principles of civil liberty .
They have decried all free government as inconsistent with the order of society , and have indulged themselves in malicious exultation over its friends and partisans .
Happily for mankind , stupendous fabrics reared on the basis of liberty , which have flourished for ages , have , in a few glorious instances , refuted their gloomy sophisms .
And , I trust , America will be the broad and solid foundation of other edifices , not less magnificent , which will be equally permanent monuments of their errors .
But it is not to be denied that the portraits they have sketched of republican government were too just copies of the originals from which they were taken .
If it had been found impracticable to have devised models of a more perfect structure , the enlightened friends to liberty would have been obliged to abandon the cause of that species of government as indefensible .
The science of politics , however , like most other sciences , has received great improvement .
The efficacy of various principles is now well understood , which were either not known at all , or imperfectly known to the ancients .
They are means , and powerful means , by which the excellences of republican government may be retained and its imperfections lessened or avoided .
The latter is that which immediately concerns the object under consideration .
It will , however , be of use to examine the principle in its application to a single State , which shall be attended to in another place .
The utility of a Confederacy , as well to suppress faction and to guard the internal tranquillity of States , as to increase their external force and security , is in reality not a new idea .
It has been practiced upon in different countries and ages , and has received the sanction of the most approved writers on the subject of politics .
The opponents of the plan proposed have , with great assiduity , cited and circulated the observations of Montesquieu on the necessity of a contracted territory for a republican government .
But they seem not to have been apprised of the sentiments of that great man expressed in another part of his work , nor to have adverted to the consequences of the principle to which they subscribe with such ready acquiescence .
When Montesquieu recommends a small extent for republics , the standards he had in view were of dimensions far short of the limits of almost every one of these States .
Neither Virginia , Massachusetts , Pennsylvania , New York , North Carolina , nor Georgia can by any means be compared with the models from which he reasoned and to which the terms of his description apply .
Some of the writers who have come forward on the other side of the question seem to have been aware of the dilemma ; and have even been bold enough to hint at the division of the larger States as a desirable thing .
And this is the true question , in the discussion of which we are at present interested .
So far are the suggestions of Montesquieu from standing in opposition to a general Union of the States , that he explicitly treats of a CONFEDERATE REPUBLIC as the expedient for extending the sphere of popular government , and reconciling the advantages of monarchy with those of republicanism . "
I mean a CONFEDERATE REPUBLIC . "
This form of government is a convention by which several smaller STATES agree to become members of a larger ONE , which they intend to form .
It is a kind of assemblage of societies that constitute a new one , capable of increasing , by means of new associations , till they arrive to such a degree of power as to be able to provide for the security of the united body . "
A republic of this kind , able to withstand an external force , may support itself without any internal corruptions .
The form of this society prevents all manner of inconveniences . "
If a single member should attempt to usurp the supreme authority , he could not be supposed to have an equal authority and credit in all the confederate states .
Were he to have too great influence over one , this would alarm the rest .
Were he to subdue a part , that which would still remain free might oppose him with forces independent of those which he had usurped and overpower him before he could be settled in his usurpation . "
Should a popular insurrection happen in one of the confederate states the others are able to quell it .
Should abuses creep into one part , they are reformed by those that remain sound .
The state may be destroyed on one side , and not on the other ; the confederacy may be dissolved , and the confederates preserve their sovereignty . "
As this government is composed of small republics , it enjoys the internal happiness of each ; and with respect to its external situation , it is possessed , by means of the association , of all the advantages of large monarchies . "
I have thought it proper to quote at length these interesting passages , because they contain a luminous abridgment of the principal arguments in favor of the Union , and must effectually remove the false impressions which a misapplication of other parts of the work was calculated to make .
They have , at the same time , an intimate connection with the more immediate design of this paper ; which is , to illustrate the tendency of the Union to repress domestic faction and insurrection .
A distinction , more subtle than accurate , has been raised between a CONFEDERACY and a CONSOLIDATION of the States .
The essential characteristic of the first is said to be , the restriction of its authority to the members in their collective capacities , without reaching to the individuals of whom they are composed .
It is contended that the national council ought to have no concern with any object of internal administration .
An exact equality of suffrage between the members has also been insisted upon as a leading feature of a confederate government .
These positions are , in the main , arbitrary ; they are supported neither by principle nor precedent .
And it will be clearly shown in the course of this investigation that as far as the principle contended for has prevailed , it has been the cause of incurable disorder and imbecility in the government .
The definition of a CONFEDERATE REPUBLIC seems simply to be " an assemblage of societies , " or an association of two or more states into one state .
The extent , modifications , and objects of the federal authority are mere matters of discretion .
The proposed Constitution , so far from implying an abolition of the State governments , makes them constituent parts of the national sovereignty , by allowing them a direct representation in the Senate , and leaves in their possession certain exclusive and very important portions of sovereign power .
This fully corresponds , in every rational import of the terms , with the idea of a federal government .
In the Lycian confederacy , which consisted of twenty-three CITIES or republics , the largest were entitled to THREE votes in the COMMON COUNCIL , those of the middle class to TWO , and the smallest to ONE .
The COMMON COUNCIL had the appointment of all the judges and magistrates of the respective CITIES .
This was certainly the most , delicate species of interference in their internal administration ; for if there be any thing that seems exclusively appropriated to the local jurisdictions , it is the appointment of their own officers .
Yet Montesquieu , speaking of this association , says : " Were I to give a model of an excellent Confederate Republic , it would be that of Lycia . "
Thus we perceive that the distinctions insisted upon were not within the contemplation of this enlightened civilian ; and we shall be led to conclude , that they are the novel refinements of an erroneous theory .
1 " Spirit of Lawa , " vol. i . , book ix . , chap. i .
The Same Subject Continued ( The Union as a Safeguard Against Domestic Faction and Insurrection ) From the New York Packet .
Friday , November 23 , 1787 .
To the People of the State of New York : AMONG the numerous advantages promised by a wellconstructed Union , none deserves to be more accurately developed than its tendency to break and control the violence of faction .
The friend of popular governments never finds himself so much alarmed for their character and fate , as when he contemplates their propensity to this dangerous vice .
He will not fail , therefore , to set a due value on any plan which , without violating the principles to which he is attached , provides a proper cure for it .
However anxiously we may wish that these complaints had no foundation , the evidence , of known facts will not permit us to deny that they are in some degree true .
These must be chiefly , if not wholly , effects of the unsteadiness and injustice with which a factious spirit has tainted our public administrations .
There are two methods of curing the mischiefs of faction : the one , by removing its causes ; the other , by controlling its effects .
There are again two methods of removing the causes of faction : the one , by destroying the liberty which is essential to its existence ; the other , by giving to every citizen the same opinions , the same passions , and the same interests .
It could never be more truly said than of the first remedy , that it was worse than the disease .
Liberty is to faction what air is to fire , an aliment without which it instantly expires .
But it could not be less folly to abolish liberty , which is essential to political life , because it nourishes faction , than it would be to wish the annihilation of air , which is essential to animal life , because it imparts to fire its destructive agency .
The second expedient is as impracticable as the first would be unwise .
As long as the reason of man continues fallible , and he is at liberty to exercise it , different opinions will be formed .
As long as the connection subsists between his reason and his self-love , his opinions and his passions will have a reciprocal influence on each other ; and the former will be objects to which the latter will attach themselves .
The diversity in the faculties of men , from which the rights of property originate , is not less an insuperable obstacle to a uniformity of interests .
The protection of these faculties is the first object of government .
The latent causes of faction are thus sown in the nature of man ; and we see them everywhere brought into different degrees of activity , according to the different circumstances of civil society .
So strong is this propensity of mankind to fall into mutual animosities , that where no substantial occasion presents itself , the most frivolous and fanciful distinctions have been sufficient to kindle their unfriendly passions and excite their most violent conflicts .
But the most common and durable source of factions has been the various and unequal distribution of property .
Those who hold and those who are without property have ever formed distinct interests in society .
Those who are creditors , and those who are debtors , fall under a like discrimination .
A landed interest , a manufacturing interest , a mercantile interest , a moneyed interest , with many lesser interests , grow up of necessity in civilized nations , and divide them into different classes , actuated by different sentiments and views .
The regulation of these various and interfering interests forms the principal task of modern legislation , and involves the spirit of party and faction in the necessary and ordinary operations of the government .
No man is allowed to be a judge in his own cause , because his interest would certainly bias his judgment , and , not improbably , corrupt his integrity .
And what are the different classes of legislators but advocates and parties to the causes which they determine ?
Is a law proposed concerning private debts ?
It is a question to which the creditors are parties on one side and the debtors on the other .
Justice ought to hold the balance between them .
Yet the parties are , and must be , themselves the judges ; and the most numerous party , or , in other words , the most powerful faction must be expected to prevail .
Shall domestic manufactures be encouraged , and in what degree , by restrictions on foreign manufactures ? are questions which would be differently decided by the landed and the manufacturing classes , and probably by neither with a sole regard to justice and the public good .
Every shilling with which they overburden the inferior number , is a shilling saved to their own pockets .
It is in vain to say that enlightened statesmen will be able to adjust these clashing interests , and render them all subservient to the public good .
Enlightened statesmen will not always be at the helm .
Nor , in many cases , can such an adjustment be made at all without taking into view indirect and remote considerations , which will rarely prevail over the immediate interest which one party may find in disregarding the rights of another or the good of the whole .
The inference to which we are brought is , that the CAUSES of faction cannot be removed , and that relief is only to be sought in the means of controlling its EFFECTS .
If a faction consists of less than a majority , relief is supplied by the republican principle , which enables the majority to defeat its sinister views by regular vote .
It may clog the administration , it may convulse the society ; but it will be unable to execute and mask its violence under the forms of the Constitution .
When a majority is included in a faction , the form of popular government , on the other hand , enables it to sacrifice to its ruling passion or interest both the public good and the rights of other citizens .
To secure the public good and private rights against the danger of such a faction , and at the same time to preserve the spirit and the form of popular government , is then the great object to which our inquiries are directed .
Let me add that it is the great desideratum by which this form of government can be rescued from the opprobrium under which it has so long labored , and be recommended to the esteem and adoption of mankind .
By what means is this object attainable ?
Evidently by one of two only .
If the impulse and the opportunity be suffered to coincide , we well know that neither moral nor religious motives can be relied on as an adequate control .
They are not found to be such on the injustice and violence of individuals , and lose their efficacy in proportion to the number combined together , that is , in proportion as their efficacy becomes needful .
From this view of the subject it may be concluded that a pure democracy , by which I mean a society consisting of a small number of citizens , who assemble and administer the government in person , can admit of no cure for the mischiefs of faction .
Hence it is that such democracies have ever been spectacles of turbulence and contention ; have ever been found incompatible with personal security or the rights of property ; and have in general been as short in their lives as they have been violent in their deaths .
A republic , by which I mean a government in which the scheme of representation takes place , opens a different prospect , and promises the cure for which we are seeking .
Let us examine the points in which it varies from pure democracy , and we shall comprehend both the nature of the cure and the efficacy which it must derive from the Union .
Under such a regulation , it may well happen that the public voice , pronounced by the representatives of the people , will be more consonant to the public good than if pronounced by the people themselves , convened for the purpose .
On the other hand , the effect may be inverted .
Men of factious tempers , of local prejudices , or of sinister designs , may , by intrigue , by corruption , or by other means , first obtain the suffrages , and then betray the interests , of the people .
It must be confessed that in this , as in most other cases , there is a mean , on both sides of which inconveniences will be found to lie .
The federal Constitution forms a happy combination in this respect ; the great and aggregate interests being referred to the national , the local and particular to the State legislatures .
Besides other impediments , it may be remarked that , where there is a consciousness of unjust or dishonorable purposes , communication is always checked by distrust in proportion to the number whose concurrence is necessary .
Hence , it clearly appears , that the same advantage which a republic has over a democracy , in controlling the effects of faction , is enjoyed by a large over a small republic , --is enjoyed by the Union over the States composing it .
Does the advantage consist in the substitution of representatives whose enlightened views and virtuous sentiments render them superior to local prejudices and schemes of injustice ?
It will not be denied that the representation of the Union will be most likely to possess these requisite endowments .
Does it consist in the greater security afforded by a greater variety of parties , against the event of any one party being able to outnumber and oppress the rest ?
In an equal degree does the increased variety of parties comprised within the Union , increase this security .
Does it , in fine , consist in the greater obstacles opposed to the concert and accomplishment of the secret wishes of an unjust and interested majority ?
Here , again , the extent of the Union gives it the most palpable advantage .
The influence of factious leaders may kindle a flame within their particular States , but will be unable to spread a general conflagration through the other States .
A religious sect may degenerate into a political faction in a part of the Confederacy ; but the variety of sects dispersed over the entire face of it must secure the national councils against any danger from that source .
In the extent and proper structure of the Union , therefore , we behold a republican remedy for the diseases most incident to republican government .
And according to the degree of pleasure and pride we feel in being republicans , ought to be our zeal in cherishing the spirit and supporting the character of Federalists .
The Utility of the Union in Respect to Commercial Relations and a Navy For the Independent Journal .
This applies as well to our intercourse with foreign countries as with each other .
There are appearances to authorize a supposition that the adventurous spirit , which distinguishes the commercial character of America , has already excited uneasy sensations in several of the maritime powers of Europe .
They seem to be apprehensive of our too great interference in that carrying trade , which is the support of their navigation and the foundation of their naval strength .
Those of them which have colonies in America look forward to what this country is capable of becoming , with painful solicitude .
They foresee the dangers that may threaten their American dominions from the neighborhood of States , which have all the dispositions , and would possess all the means , requisite to the creation of a powerful marine .
Impressions of this kind will naturally indicate the policy of fostering divisions among us , and of depriving us , as far as possible , of an ACTIVE COMMERCE in our own bottoms .
This would answer the threefold purpose of preventing our interference in their navigation , of monopolizing the profits of our trade , and of clipping the wings by which we might soar to a dangerous greatness .
Did not prudence forbid the detail , it would not be difficult to trace , by facts , the workings of this policy to the cabinets of ministers .
If we continue united , we may counteract a policy so unfriendly to our prosperity in a variety of ways .
By prohibitory regulations , extending , at the same time , throughout the States , we may oblige foreign countries to bid against each other , for the privileges of our markets .
Suppose , for instance , we had a government in America , capable of excluding Great Britain ( with whom we have at present no treaty of commerce ) from all our ports ; what would be the probable operation of this step upon her politics ?
Would it not enable us to negotiate , with the fairest prospect of success , for commercial privileges of the most valuable and extensive kind , in the dominions of that kingdom ?
When these questions have been asked , upon other occasions , they have received a plausible , but not a solid or satisfactory answer .
But would not her navigation be materially injured by the loss of the important advantage of being her own carrier in that trade ?
Would not the principal part of its profits be intercepted by the Dutch , as a compensation for their agency and risk ?
Would not the mere circumstance of freight occasion a considerable deduction ?
Would not so circuitous an intercourse facilitate the competitions of other nations , by enhancing the price of British commodities in our markets , and by transferring to other hands the management of this interesting branch of the British commerce ?
A further resource for influencing the conduct of European nations toward us , in this respect , would arise from the establishment of a federal navy .
This would be more peculiarly the case in relation to operations in the West Indies .
A few ships of the line , sent opportunely to the reinforcement of either side , would often be sufficient to decide the fate of a campaign , on the event of which interests of the greatest magnitude were suspended .
Our position is , in this respect , a most commanding one .
And if to this consideration we add that of the usefulness of supplies from this country , in the prosecution of military operations in the West Indies , it will readily be perceived that a situation so favorable would enable us to bargain with great advantage for commercial privileges .
A price would be set not only upon our friendship , but upon our neutrality .
By a steady adherence to the Union we may hope , erelong , to become the arbiter of Europe in America , and to be able to incline the balance of European competitions in this part of the world as our interest may dictate .
But in the reverse of this eligible situation , we shall discover that the rivalships of the parts would make them checks upon each other , and would frustrate all the tempting advantages which nature has kindly placed within our reach .
The rights of neutrality will only be respected when they are defended by an adequate power .
A nation , despicable by its weakness , forfeits even the privilege of being neutral .
Under a vigorous national government , the natural strength and resources of the country , directed to a common interest , would baffle all the combinations of European jealousy to restrain our growth .
This situation would even take away the motive to such combinations , by inducing an impracticability of success .
An active commerce , an extensive navigation , and a flourishing marine would then be the offspring of moral and physical necessity .
We might defy the little arts of the little politicians to control or vary the irresistible and unchangeable course of nature .
But in a state of disunion , these combinations might exist and might operate with success .
We should then be compelled to content ourselves with the first price of our commodities , and to see the profits of our trade snatched from us to enrich our enemies and persecutors .
There are rights of great moment to the trade of America which are rights of the Union--I allude to the fisheries , to the navigation of the Western lakes , and to that of the Mississippi .
The dissolution of the Confederacy would give room for delicate questions concerning the future existence of these rights ; which the interest of more powerful partners would hardly fail to solve to our disadvantage .
The disposition of Spain with regard to the Mississippi needs no comment .
France and Britain are concerned with us in the fisheries , and view them as of the utmost moment to their navigation .
They , of course , would hardly remain long indifferent to that decided mastery , of which experience has shown us to be possessed in this valuable branch of traffic , and by which we are able to undersell those nations in their own markets .
What more natural than that they should be disposed to exclude from the lists such dangerous competitors ?
This branch of trade ought not to be considered as a partial benefit .
All the navigating States may , in different degrees , advantageously participate in it , and under circumstances of a greater extension of mercantile capital , would not be unlikely to do it .
As a nursery of seamen , it now is , or when time shall have more nearly assimilated the principles of navigation in the several States , will become , a universal resource .
To the establishment of a navy , it must be indispensable .
To this great national object , a NAVY , union will contribute in various ways .
Every institution will grow and flourish in proportion to the quantity and extent of the means concentred towards its formation and support .
A navy of the United States , as it would embrace the resources of all , is an object far less remote than a navy of any single State or partial confederacy , which would only embrace the resources of a single part .
It happens , indeed , that different portions of confederated America possess each some peculiar advantage for this essential establishment .
The more southern States furnish in greater abundance certain kinds of naval stores--tar , pitch , and turpentine .
Their wood for the construction of ships is also of a more solid and lasting texture .
The difference in the duration of the ships of which the navy might be composed , if chiefly constructed of Southern wood , would be of signal importance , either in the view of naval strength or of national economy .
Some of the Southern and of the Middle States yield a greater plenty of iron , and of better quality .
Seamen must chiefly be drawn from the Northern hive .
The necessity of naval protection to external or maritime commerce does not require a particular elucidation , no more than the conduciveness of that species of commerce to the prosperity of a navy .
An unrestrained intercourse between the States themselves will advance the trade of each by an interchange of their respective productions , not only for the supply of reciprocal wants at home , but for exportation to foreign markets .
The veins of commerce in every part will be replenished , and will acquire additional motion and vigor from a free circulation of the commodities of every part .
Commercial enterprise will have much greater scope , from the diversity in the productions of different States .
When the staple of one fails from a bad harvest or unproductive crop , it can call to its aid the staple of another .
The variety , not less than the value , of products for exportation contributes to the activity of foreign commerce .
It can be conducted upon much better terms with a large number of materials of a given value than with a small number of materials of the same value ; arising from the competitions of trade and from the fluctations of markets .
The speculative trader will at once perceive the force of these observations , and will acknowledge that the aggregate balance of the commerce of the United States would bid fair to be much more favorable than that of the thirteen States without union or with partial unions .
A unity of commercial , as well as political , interests , can only result from a unity of government .
There are other points of view in which this subject might be placed , of a striking and animating kind .
But they would lead us too far into the regions of futurity , and would involve topics not proper for a newspaper discussion .
I shall briefly observe , that our situation invites and our interests prompt us to aim at an ascendant in the system of American affairs .
The world may politically , as well as geographically , be divided into four parts , each having a distinct set of interests .
Unhappily for the other three , Europe , by her arms and by her negotiations , by force and by fraud , has , in different degrees , extended her dominion over them all .
Africa , Asia , and America , have successively felt her domination .
The superiority she has long maintained has tempted her to plume herself as the Mistress of the World , and to consider the rest of mankind as created for her benefit .
It belongs to us to vindicate the honor of the human race , and to teach that assuming brother , moderation .
Union will enable us to do it .
Disunion will will add another victim to his triumphs .
Let Americans disdain to be the instruments of European greatness !
Let the thirteen States , bound together in a strict and indissoluble Union , concur in erecting one great American system , superior to the control of all transatlantic force or influence , and able to dictate the terms of the connection between the old and the new world !
Recherches philosophiques sur les Americains . "
The Utility of the Union In Respect to Revenue From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , November 27 , 1787 .
To the People of the State of New York : THE effects of Union upon the commercial prosperity of the States have been sufficiently delineated .
Its tendency to promote the interests of revenue will be the subject of our present inquiry .
The prosperity of commerce is now perceived and acknowledged by all enlightened statesmen to be the most useful as well as the most productive source of national wealth , and has accordingly become a primary object of their political cares .
By multiplying the means of gratification , by promoting the introduction and circulation of the precious metals , those darling objects of human avarice and enterprise , it serves to vivify and invigorate the channels of industry , and to make them flow with greater activity and copiousness .
The assiduous merchant , the laborious husbandman , the active mechanic , and the industrious manufacturer , --all orders of men , look forward with eager expectation and growing alacrity to this pleasing reward of their toils .
The often-agitated question between agriculture and commerce has , from indubitable experience , received a decision which has silenced the rivalship that once subsisted between them , and has proved , to the satisfaction of their friends , that their interests are intimately blended and interwoven .
It has been found in various countries that , in proportion as commerce has flourished , land has risen in value .
And how could it have happened otherwise ?
The ability of a country to pay taxes must always be proportioned , in a great degree , to the quantity of money in circulation , and to the celerity with which it circulates .
Commerce , contributing to both these objects , must of necessity render the payment of taxes easier , and facilitate the requisite supplies to the treasury .
The hereditary dominions of the Emperor of Germany contain a great extent of fertile , cultivated , and populous territory , a large proportion of which is situated in mild and luxuriant climates .
In some parts of this territory are to be found the best gold and silver mines in Europe .
And yet , from the want of the fostering influence of commerce , that monarch can boast but slender revenues .
He has several times been compelled to owe obligations to the pecuniary succors of other nations for the preservation of his essential interests , and is unable , upon the strength of his own resources , to sustain a long or continued war .
But it is not in this aspect of the subject alone that Union will be seen to conduce to the purpose of revenue .
There are other points of view , in which its influence will appear more immediate and decisive .
It is evident from the state of the country , from the habits of the people , from the experience we have had on the point itself , that it is impracticable to raise any very considerable sums by direct taxation .
Tax laws have in vain been multiplied ; new methods to enforce the collection have in vain been tried ; the public expectation has been uniformly disappointed , and the treasuries of the States have remained empty .
No person acquainted with what happens in other countries will be surprised at this circumstance .
Duties on imported articles form a large branch of this latter description .
In America , it is evident that we must a long time depend for the means of revenue chiefly on such duties .
In most parts of it , excises must be confined within a narrow compass .
The genius of the people will ill brook the inquisitive and peremptory spirit of excise laws .
If these remarks have any foundation , that state of things which will best enable us to improve and extend so valuable a resource must be best adapted to our political welfare .
And it cannot admit of a serious doubt , that this state of things must rest on the basis of a general Union .
As far as this would be conducive to the interests of commerce , so far it must tend to the extension of the revenue to be drawn from that source .
The separate States or confederacies would be necessitated by mutual jealousy to avoid the temptations to that kind of trade by the lowness of their duties .
In France , there is an army of patrols ( as they are called ) constantly employed to secure their fiscal regulations against the inroads of the dealers in contraband trade .
Mr. Neckar computes the number of these patrols at upwards of twenty thousand .
The arbitrary and vexatious powers with which the patrols are necessarily armed , would be intolerable in a free country .
If , on the contrary , there be but one government pervading all the States , there will be , as to the principal part of our commerce , but ONE SIDE to guard--the ATLANTIC COAST .
Vessels arriving directly from foreign countries , laden with valuable cargoes , would rarely choose to hazard themselves to the complicated and critical perils which would attend attempts to unlade prior to their coming into port .
They would have to dread both the dangers of the coast , and of detection , as well after as before their arrival at the places of their final destination .
An ordinary degree of vigilance would be competent to the prevention of any material infractions upon the rights of the revenue .
A few armed vessels , judiciously stationed at the entrances of our ports , might at a small expense be made useful sentinels of the laws .
And the government having the same interest to provide against violations everywhere , the co-operation of its measures in each State would have a powerful tendency to render them effectual .
Here also we should preserve by Union , an advantage which nature holds out to us , and which would be relinquished by separation .
The United States lie at a great distance from Europe , and at a considerable distance from all other places with which they would have extensive connections of foreign trade .
The passage from them to us , in a few hours , or in a single night , as between the coasts of France and Britain , and of other neighboring nations , would be impracticable .
This is a prodigious security against a direct contraband with foreign countries ; but a circuitous contraband to one State , through the medium of another , would be both easy and safe .
The difference between a direct importation from abroad , and an indirect importation through the channel of a neighboring State , in small parcels , according to time and opportunity , with the additional facilities of inland communication , must be palpable to every man of discernment .
It is therefore evident , that one national government would be able , at much less expense , to extend the duties on imports , beyond comparison , further than would be practicable to the States separately , or to any partial confederacies .
Hitherto , I believe , it may safely be asserted , that these duties have not upon an average exceeded in any State three per cent .
In France they are estimated to be about fifteen per cent . , and in Britain they exceed this proportion.1 There seems to be nothing to hinder their being increased in this country to at least treble their present amount .
The single article of ardent spirits , under federal regulation , might be made to furnish a considerable revenue .
Upon a ratio to the importation into this State , the whole quantity imported into the United States may be estimated at four millions of gallons ; which , at a shilling per gallon , would produce two hundred thousand pounds .
That article would well bear this rate of duty ; and if it should tend to diminish the consumption of it , such an effect would be equally favorable to the agriculture , to the economy , to the morals , and to the health of the society .
There is , perhaps , nothing so much a subject of national extravagance as these spirits .
What will be the consequence , if we are not able to avail ourselves of the resource in question in its full extent ?
A nation cannot long exist without revenues .
Destitute of this essential support , it must resign its independence , and sink into the degraded condition of a province .
This is an extremity to which no government will of choice accede .
Revenue , therefore , must be had at all events .
In this country , if the principal part be not drawn from commerce , it must fall with oppressive weight upon land .
Personal estate ( as has been before remarked ) , from the difficulty in tracing it , cannot be subjected to large contributions , by any other means than by taxes on consumption .
As the necessities of the State , nevertheless , must be satisfied in some mode or other , the defect of other resources must throw the principal weight of public burdens on the possessors of land .
Thus we shall not even have the consolations of a full treasury , to atone for the oppression of that valuable class of the citizens who are employed in the cultivation of the soil .
But public and private distress will keep pace with each other in gloomy concert ; and unite in deploring the infatuation of those counsels which led to disunion .
1 If my memory be right they amount to twenty per cent .
Advantage of the Union in Respect to Economy in Government For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : As CONNECTED with the subject of revenue , we may with propriety consider that of economy .
The money saved from one object may be usefully applied to another , and there will be so much the less to be drawn from the pockets of the people .
The entire separation of the States into thirteen unconnected sovereignties is a project too extravagant and too replete with danger to have many advocates .
The ideas of men who speculate upon the dismemberment of the empire seem generally turned toward three confederacies--one consisting of the four Northern , another of the four Middle , and a third of the five Southern States .
There is little probability that there would be a greater number .
According to this distribution , each confederacy would comprise an extent of territory larger than that of the kingdom of Great Britain .
No well-informed man will suppose that the affairs of such a confederacy can be properly regulated by a government less comprehensive in its organs or institutions than that which has been proposed by the convention .
When the dimensions of a State attain to a certain magnitude , it requires the same energy of government and the same forms of administration which are requisite in one of much greater extent .
Civil power , properly organized and exerted , is capable of diffusing its force to a very great extent ; and can , in a manner , reproduce itself in every part of a great empire by a judicious arrangement of subordinate institutions .
If we attend carefully to geographical and commercial considerations , in conjunction with the habits and prejudices of the different States , we shall be led to conclude that in case of disunion they will most naturally league themselves under two governments .
The four Eastern States , from all the causes that form the links of national sympathy and connection , may with certainty be expected to unite .
New York , situated as she is , would never be unwise enough to oppose a feeble and unsupported flank to the weight of that confederacy .
There are other obvious reasons that would facilitate her accession to it .
New Jersey is too small a State to think of being a frontier , in opposition to this still more powerful combination ; nor do there appear to be any obstacles to her admission into it .
Even Pennsylvania would have strong inducements to join the Northern league .
An active foreign commerce , on the basis of her own navigation , is her true policy , and coincides with the opinions and dispositions of her citizens .
The more Southern States , from various circumstances , may not think themselves much interested in the encouragement of navigation .
They may prefer a system which would give unlimited scope to all nations to be the carriers as well as the purchasers of their commodities .
Pennsylvania may not choose to confound her interests in a connection so adverse to her policy .
As she must at all events be a frontier , she may deem it most consistent with her safety to have her exposed side turned towards the weaker power of the Southern , rather than towards the stronger power of the Northern , Confederacy .
This would give her the fairest chance to avoid being the Flanders of America .
Whatever may be the determination of Pennsylvania , if the Northern Confederacy includes New Jersey , there is no likelihood of more than one confederacy to the south of that State .
Nothing can be more evident than that the thirteen States will be able to support a national government better than one half , or one third , or any number less than the whole .
Objections to the Proposed Constitution From Extent of Territory Answered From the New York Packet .
Friday , November 30 , 1787 .
All that remains , within this branch of our inquiries , is to take notice of an objection that may be drawn from the great extent of country which the Union embraces .
The error which limits republican government to a narrow district has been unfolded and refuted in preceding papers .
I remark here only that it seems to owe its rise and prevalence chiefly to the confounding of a republic with a democracy , applying to the former reasonings drawn from the nature of the latter .
The true distinction between these forms was also adverted to on a former occasion .
It is , that in a democracy , the people meet and exercise the government in person ; in a republic , they assemble and administer it by their representatives and agents .
A democracy , consequently , will be confined to a small spot .
A republic may be extended over a large region .
To this accidental source of the error may be added the artifice of some celebrated authors , whose writings have had a great share in forming the modern standard of political opinions .
It is only to be lamented that any of her citizens should wish to deprive her of the additional merit of displaying its full efficacy in the establishment of the comprehensive system now under her consideration .
Can it be said that the limits of the United States exceed this distance ?
That we may form a juster estimate with regard to this interesting subject , let us resort to the actual dimensions of the Union .
The southern shore of Lake Erie lies below that latitude .
Computing the distance between the thirty-first and forty-fifth degrees , it amounts to nine hundred and seventy-three common miles ; computing it from thirty-one to forty-two degrees , to seven hundred and sixty-four miles and a half .
Taking the mean for the distance , the amount will be eight hundred and sixty-eight miles and three-fourths .
The mean distance from the Atlantic to the Mississippi does not probably exceed seven hundred and fifty miles .
On a comparison of this extent with that of several countries in Europe , the practicability of rendering our system commensurate to it appears to be demonstrable .
It is not a great deal larger than Germany , where a diet representing the whole empire is continually assembled ; or than Poland before the late dismemberment , where another national diet was the depositary of the supreme power .
Favorable as this view of the subject may be , some observations remain which will place it in a light still more satisfactory .
In the first place it is to be remembered that the general government is not to be charged with the whole power of making and administering laws .
Its jurisdiction is limited to certain enumerated objects , which concern all the members of the republic , but which are not to be attained by the separate provisions of any .
The subordinate governments , which can extend their care to all those other subjects which can be separately provided for , will retain their due authority and activity .
The arrangements that may be necessary for those angles and fractions of our territory which lie on our northwestern frontier , must be left to those whom further discoveries and experience will render more equal to the task .
Let it be remarked , in the third place , that the intercourse throughout the Union will be facilitated by new improvements .
Roads will everywhere be shortened , and kept in better order ; accommodations for travelers will be multiplied and meliorated ; an interior navigation on our eastern side will be opened throughout , or nearly throughout , the whole extent of the thirteen States .
If they should derive less benefit , therefore , from the Union in some respects than the less distant States , they will derive greater benefit from it in other respects , and thus the proper equilibrium will be maintained throughout .
No , my countrymen , shut your ears against this unhallowed language .
But why is the experiment of an extended republic to be rejected , merely because it may comprise what is new ?
To this manly spirit , posterity will be indebted for the possession , and the world for the example , of the numerous innovations displayed on the American theatre , in favor of private rights and public happiness .
Happily for America , happily , we trust , for the whole human race , they pursued a new and more noble course .
They accomplished a revolution which has no parallel in the annals of human society .
They reared the fabrics of governments which have no model on the face of the globe .
They formed the design of a great Confederacy , which it is incumbent on their successors to improve and perpetuate .
If their works betray imperfections , we wonder at the fewness of them .
The Insufficiency of the Present Confederation to Preserve the Union For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York .
IN THE course of the preceding papers , I have endeavored , my fellow-citizens , to place before you , in a clear and convincing light , the importance of Union to your political safety and happiness .
I have unfolded to you a complication of dangers to which you would be exposed , should you permit that sacred knot which binds the people of America together be severed or dissolved by ambition or by avarice , by jealousy or by misrepresentation .
In the sequel of the inquiry through which I propose to accompany you , the truths intended to be inculcated will receive further confirmation from facts and arguments hitherto unnoticed .
It will be my aim to remove the obstacles from your progress in as compendious a manner as it can be done , without sacrificing utility to despatch .
In pursuance of the plan which I have laid down for the discussion of the subject , the point next in order to be examined is the " insufficiency of the present Confederation to the preservation of the Union . "
The facts that support this opinion are no longer objects of speculation .
We may indeed with propriety be said to have reached almost the last stage of national humiliation .
There is scarcely anything that can wound the pride or degrade the character of an independent nation which we do not experience .
Are there engagements to the performance of which we are held by every tie respectable among men ?
These are the subjects of constant and unblushing violation .
Do we owe debts to foreigners and to our own citizens contracted in a time of imminent peril for the preservation of our political existence ?
These remain without any proper or satisfactory provision for their discharge .
Have we valuable territories and important posts in the possession of a foreign power which , by express stipulations , ought long since to have been surrendered ?
These are still retained , to the prejudice of our interests , not less than of our rights .
Are we in a condition to resent or to repel the aggression ?
We have neither troops , nor treasury , nor government.1 Are we even in a condition to remonstrate with dignity ?
The just imputations on our own faith , in respect to the same treaty , ought first to be removed .
Are we entitled by nature and compact to a free participation in the navigation of the Mississippi ?
Spain excludes us from it .
Is public credit an indispensable resource in time of public danger ?
We seem to have abandoned its cause as desperate and irretrievable .
Is commerce of importance to national wealth ?
Ours is at the lowest point of declension .
Is respectability in the eyes of foreign powers a safeguard against foreign encroachments ?
The imbecility of our government even forbids them to treat with us .
Our ambassadors abroad are the mere pageants of mimic sovereignty .
Is a violent and unnatural decrease in the value of land a symptom of national distress ?
Is private credit the friend and patron of industry ?
That most useful kind which relates to borrowing and lending is reduced within the narrowest limits , and this still more from an opinion of insecurity than from the scarcity of money .
Here , my countrymen , impelled by every motive that ought to influence an enlightened people , let us make a firm stand for our safety , our tranquillity , our dignity , our reputation .
Let us at last break the fatal charm which has too long seduced us from the paths of felicity and prosperity .
While they admit that the government of the United States is destitute of energy , they contend against conferring upon it those powers which are requisite to supply that energy .
They seem still to aim at things repugnant and irreconcilable ; at an augmentation of federal authority , without a diminution of State authority ; at sovereignty in the Union , and complete independence in the members .
They still , in fine , seem to cherish with blind devotion the political monster of an imperium in imperio .
The great and radical vice in the construction of the existing Confederation is in the principle of LEGISLATION for STATES or GOVERNMENTS , in their CORPORATE or COLLECTIVE CAPACITIES , and as contradistinguished from the INDIVIDUALS of which they consist .
Though this principle does not run through all the powers delegated to the Union , yet it pervades and governs those on which the efficacy of the rest depends .
Except as to the rule of appointment , the United States has an indefinite discretion to make requisitions for men and money ; but they have no authority to raise either , by regulations extending to the individual citizens of America .
The consequence of this is , that though in theory their resolutions concerning those objects are laws , constitutionally binding on the members of the Union , yet in practice they are mere recommendations which the States observe or disregard at their option .
Compacts of this kind exist among all civilized nations , subject to the usual vicissitudes of peace and war , of observance and non-observance , as the interests or passions of the contracting powers dictate .
In the early part of the present century there was an epidemical rage in Europe for this species of compacts , from which the politicians of the times fondly hoped for benefits which were never realized .
Government implies the power of making laws .
It is essential to the idea of a law , that it be attended with a sanction ; or , in other words , a penalty or punishment for disobedience .
If there be no penalty annexed to disobedience , the resolutions or commands which pretend to be laws will , in fact , amount to nothing more than advice or recommendation .
This penalty , whatever it may be , can only be inflicted in two ways : by the agency of the courts and ministers of justice , or by military force ; by the COERCION of the magistracy , or by the COERCION of arms .
The first kind can evidently apply only to men ; the last kind must of necessity , be employed against bodies politic , or communities , or States .
It is evident that there is no process of a court by which the observance of the laws can , in the last resort , be enforced .
Sentences may be denounced against them for violations of their duty ; but these sentences can only be carried into execution by the sword .
In an association where the general authority is confined to the collective bodies of the communities , that compose it , every breach of the laws must involve a state of war ; and military execution must become the only instrument of civil obedience .
Such a state of things can certainly not deserve the name of government , nor would any prudent man choose to commit his happiness to it .
This language , at the present day , would appear as wild as a great part of what we now hear from the same quarter will be thought , when we shall have received further lessons from that best oracle of wisdom , experience .
It at all times betrayed an ignorance of the true springs by which human conduct is actuated , and belied the original inducements to the establishment of civil power .
Why has government been instituted at all ?
Because the passions of men will not conform to the dictates of reason and justice , without constraint .
Has it been found that bodies of men act with more rectitude or greater disinterestedness than individuals ?
The contrary of this has been inferred by all accurate observers of the conduct of mankind ; and the inference is founded upon obvious reasons .
Regard to reputation has a less active influence , when the infamy of a bad action is to be divided among a number than when it is to fall singly upon one .
A spirit of faction , which is apt to mingle its poison in the deliberations of all bodies of men , will often hurry the persons of whom they are composed into improprieties and excesses , for which they would blush in a private capacity .
In addition to all this , there is , in the nature of sovereign power , an impatience of control , that disposes those who are invested with the exercise of it , to look with an evil eye upon all external attempts to restrain or direct its operations .
This tendency is not difficult to be accounted for .
It has its origin in the love of power .
Power controlled or abridged is almost always the rival and enemy of that power by which it is controlled or abridged .
The reverse of this results from the constitution of human nature .
If , therefore , the measures of the Confederacy cannot be executed without the intervention of the particular administrations , there will be little prospect of their being executed at all .
The rulers of the respective members , whether they have a constitutional right to do it or not , will undertake to judge of the propriety of the measures themselves .
They will consider the conformity of the thing proposed or required to their immediate interests or aims ; the momentary conveniences or inconveniences that would attend its adoption .
The same process must be repeated in every member of which the body is constituted ; and the execution of the plans , framed by the councils of the whole , will always fluctuate on the discretion of the ill-informed and prejudiced opinion of every part .
In our case , the concurrence of thirteen distinct sovereign wills is requisite , under the Confederation , to the complete execution of every important measure that proceeds from the Union .
It has happened as was to have been foreseen .
The measures of the Union have not been executed ; the delinquencies of the States have , step by step , matured themselves to an extreme , which has , at length , arrested all the wheels of the national government , and brought them to an awful stand .
Congress at this time scarcely possess the means of keeping up the forms of administration , till the States can have time to agree upon a more substantial substitute for the present shadow of a federal government .
Things did not come to this desperate extremity at once .
The causes which have been specified produced at first only unequal and disproportionate degrees of compliance with the requisitions of the Union .
The greater deficiencies of some States furnished the pretext of example and the temptation of interest to the complying , or to the least delinquent States .
Why should we do more in proportion than those who are embarked with us in the same political voyage ?
Why should we consent to bear more than our proper share of the common burden ?
These were suggestions which human selfishness could not withstand , and which even speculative men , who looked forward to remote consequences , could not , without hesitation , combat .
Each State , yielding to the persuasive voice of immediate interest or convenience , has successively withdrawn its support , till the frail and tottering edifice seems ready to fall upon our heads , and to crush us beneath its ruins .
1 " I mean for the Union . "
The Same Subject Continued ( The Insufficiency of the Present Confederation to Preserve the Union ) From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , December 4 , 1787 .
The confirmations of this fact will be worthy of a distinct and particular examination .
It remains to inquire how far so odious an engine of government , in its application to us , would even be capable of answering its end .
It would rarely happen that the delinquency to be redressed would be confined to a single member , and if there were more than one who had neglected their duty , similarity of situation would induce them to unite for common defense .
Independent of this motive of sympathy , if a large and influential State should happen to be the aggressing member , it would commonly have weight enough with its neighbors to win over some of them as associates to its cause .
If associates could not be found at home , recourse would be had to the aid of foreign powers , who would seldom be disinclined to encouraging the dissensions of a Confederacy , from the firm union of which they had so much to fear .
When the sword is once drawn , the passions of men observe no bounds of moderation .
The suggestions of wounded pride , the instigations of irritated resentment , would be apt to carry the States against which the arms of the Union were exerted , to any extremes necessary to avenge the affront or to avoid the disgrace of submission .
The first war of this kind would probably terminate in a dissolution of the Union .
This may be considered as the violent death of the Confederacy .
Its more natural death is what we now seem to be on the point of experiencing , if the federal system be not speedily renovated in a more substantial form .
It is not probable , considering the genius of this country , that the complying States would often be inclined to support the authority of the Union by engaging in a war against the non-complying States .
They would always be more ready to pursue the milder course of putting themselves upon an equal footing with the delinquent members by an imitation of their example .
And the guilt of all would thus become the security of all .
Our past experience has exhibited the operation of this spirit in its full light .
There would , in fact , be an insuperable difficulty in ascertaining when force could with propriety be employed .
In the article of pecuniary contribution , which would be the most usual source of delinquency , it would often be impossible to decide whether it had proceeded from disinclination or inability .
The pretense of the latter would always be at hand .
And the case must be very flagrant in which its fallacy could be detected with sufficient certainty to justify the harsh expedient of compulsion .
It is easy to see that this problem alone , as often as it should occur , would open a wide field for the exercise of factious views , of partiality , and of oppression , in the majority that happened to prevail in the national council .
It seems to require no pains to prove that the States ought not to prefer a national Constitution which could only be kept in motion by the instrumentality of a large army continually on foot to execute the ordinary requisitions or decrees of the government .
And yet this is the plain alternative involved by those who wish to deny it the power of extending its operations to individuals .
Such a scheme , if practicable at all , would instantly degenerate into a military despotism ; but it will be found in every light impracticable .
The resources of the Union would not be equal to the maintenance of an army considerable enough to confine the larger States within the limits of their duty ; nor would the means ever be furnished of forming such an army in the first instance .
A project of this kind is little less romantic than the monster-taming spirit which is attributed to the fabulous heroes and demi-gods of antiquity .
Even in those confederacies which have been composed of members smaller than many of our counties , the principle of legislation for sovereign States , supported by military coercion , has never been found effectual .
It has rarely been attempted to be employed , but against the weaker members ; and in most instances attempts to coerce the refractory and disobedient have been the signals of bloody wars , in which one half of the confederacy has displayed its banners against the other half .
It must carry its agency to the persons of the citizens .
It must stand in need of no intermediate legislations ; but must itself be empowered to employ the arm of the ordinary magistrate to execute its own resolutions .
The majesty of the national authority must be manifested through the medium of the courts of justice .
The government of the Union , like that of each State , must be able to address itself immediately to the hopes and fears of individuals ; and to attract to its support those passions which have the strongest influence upon the human heart .
It must , in short , possess all the means , and have aright to resort to all the methods , of executing the powers with which it is intrusted , that are possessed and exercised by the government of the particular States .
The plausibility of this objection will vanish the moment we advert to the essential difference between a mere NON-COMPLIANCE and a DIRECT and ACTIVE RESISTANCE .
If the interposition of the State legislatures be necessary to give effect to a measure of the Union , they have only NOT TO ACT , or to ACT EVASIVELY , and the measure is defeated .
This neglect of duty may be disguised under affected but unsubstantial provisions , so as not to appear , and of course not to excite any alarm in the people for the safety of the Constitution .
The State leaders may even make a merit of their surreptitious invasions of it on the ground of some temporary convenience , exemption , or advantage .
No omissions nor evasions would answer the end .
They would be obliged to act , and in such a manner as would leave no doubt that they had encroached on the national rights .
An experiment of this nature would always be hazardous in the face of a constitution in any degree competent to its own defense , and of a people enlightened enough to distinguish between a legal exercise and an illegal usurpation of authority .
The success of it would require not merely a factious majority in the legislature , but the concurrence of the courts of justice and of the body of the people .
If the judges were not embarked in a conspiracy with the legislature , they would pronounce the resolutions of such a majority to be contrary to the supreme law of the land , unconstitutional , and void .
If the people were not tainted with the spirit of their State representatives , they , as the natural guardians of the Constitution , would throw their weight into the national scale and give it a decided preponderancy in the contest .
Attempts of this kind would not often be made with levity or rashness , because they could seldom be made without danger to the authors , unless in cases of a tyrannical exercise of the federal authority .
If opposition to the national government should arise from the disorderly conduct of refractory or seditious individuals , it could be overcome by the same means which are daily employed against the same evil under the State governments .
The magistracy , being equally the ministers of the law of the land , from whatever source it might emanate , would doubtless be as ready to guard the national as the local regulations from the inroads of private licentiousness .
When they happen , they commonly amount to revolutions and dismemberments of empire .
No form of government can always either avoid or control them .
It is in vain to hope to guard against events too mighty for human foresight or precaution , and it would be idle to object to a government because it could not perform impossibilities .
The Same Subject Continued ( The Insufficiency of the Present Confederation to Preserve the Union ) For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : AN OBJECTION , of a nature different from that which has been stated and answered , in my last address , may perhaps be likewise urged against the principle of legislation for the individual citizens of America .
It may be said that it would tend to render the government of the Union too powerful , and to enable it to absorb those residuary authorities , which it might be judged proper to leave with the States for local purposes .
The regulation of the mere domestic police of a State appears to me to hold out slender allurements to ambition .
Commerce , finance , negotiation , and war seem to comprehend all the objects which have charms for minds governed by that passion ; and all the powers necessary to those objects ought , in the first instance , to be lodged in the national depository .
It will always be far more easy for the State governments to encroach upon the national authorities than for the national government to encroach upon the State authorities .
The superiority of influence in favor of the particular governments would result partly from the diffusive construction of the national government , but chiefly from the nature of the objects to which the attention of the State administrations would be directed .
It is a known fact in human nature , that its affections are commonly weak in proportion to the distance or diffusiveness of the object .
This strong propensity of the human heart would find powerful auxiliaries in the objects of State regulation .
There is one transcendant advantage belonging to the province of the State governments , which alone suffices to place the matter in a clear and satisfactory light , --I mean the ordinary administration of criminal and civil justice .
This , of all others , is the most powerful , most universal , and most attractive source of popular obedience and attachment .
The operations of the national government , on the other hand , falling less immediately under the observation of the mass of the citizens , the benefits derived from it will chiefly be perceived and attended to by speculative men .
Relating to more general interests , they will be less apt to come home to the feelings of the people ; and , in proportion , less likely to inspire an habitual sense of obligation , and an active sentiment of attachment .
The reasoning on this head has been abundantly exemplified by the experience of all federal constitutions with which we are acquainted , and of all others which have borne the least analogy to them .
Though the ancient feudal systems were not , strictly speaking , confederacies , yet they partook of the nature of that species of association .
Each principal vassal was a kind of sovereign , within his particular demesnes .
The consequences of this situation were a continual opposition to authority of the sovereign , and frequent wars between the great barons or chief feudatories themselves .
The power of the head of the nation was commonly too weak , either to preserve the public peace , or to protect the people against the oppressions of their immediate lords .
This period of European affairs is emphatically styled by historians , the times of feudal anarchy .
When the sovereign happened to be a man of vigorous and warlike temper and of superior abilities , he would acquire a personal weight and influence , which answered , for the time , the purpose of a more regular authority .
But in general , the power of the barons triumphed over that of the prince ; and in many instances his dominion was entirely thrown off , and the great fiefs were erected into independent principalities or States .
In those instances in which the monarch finally prevailed over his vassals , his success was chiefly owing to the tyranny of those vassals over their dependents .
The barons , or nobles , equally the enemies of the sovereign and the oppressors of the common people , were dreaded and detested by both ; till mutual danger and mutual interest effected a union between them fatal to the power of the aristocracy .
Had the nobles , by a conduct of clemency and justice , preserved the fidelity and devotion of their retainers and followers , the contests between them and the prince must almost always have ended in their favor , and in the abridgment or subversion of the royal authority .
This is not an assertion founded merely in speculation or conjecture .
Among other illustrations of its truth which might be cited , Scotland will furnish a cogent example .
It will be well if they are not able to counteract its legitimate and necessary authority .
A concise review of the events that have attended confederate governments will further illustrate this important doctrine ; an inattention to which has been the great source of our political mistakes , and has given our jealousy a direction to the wrong side .
This review shall form the subject of some ensuing papers .
The Same Subject Continued ( The Insufficiency of the Present Confederation to Preserve the Union ) For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : AMONG the confederacies of antiquity , the most considerable was that of the Grecian republics , associated under the Amphictyonic council .
From the best accounts transmitted of this celebrated institution , it bore a very instructive analogy to the present Confederation of the American States .
The members retained the character of independent and sovereign states , and had equal votes in the federal council .
The Amphictyons were the guardians of religion , and of the immense riches belonging to the temple of Delphos , where they had the right of jurisdiction in controversies between the inhabitants and those who came to consult the oracle .
As a further provision for the efficacy of the federal powers , they took an oath mutually to defend and protect the united cities , to punish the violators of this oath , and to inflict vengeance on sacrilegious despoilers of the temple .
In theory , and upon paper , this apparatus of powers seems amply sufficient for all general purposes .
In several material instances , they exceed the powers enumerated in the articles of confederation .
The Amphictyons had in their hands the superstition of the times , one of the principal engines by which government was then maintained ; they had a declared authority to use coercion against refractory cities , and were bound by oath to exert this authority on the necessary occasions .
Very different , nevertheless , was the experiment from the theory .
The powers , like those of the present Congress , were administered by deputies appointed wholly by the cities in their political capacities ; and exercised over them in the same capacities .
Hence the weakness , the disorders , and finally the destruction of the confederacy .
The more powerful members , instead of being kept in awe and subordination , tyrannized successively over all the rest .
Athens , as we learn from Demosthenes , was the arbiter of Greece seventy-three years .
The Lacedaemonians next governed it twenty-nine years ; at a subsequent period , after the battle of Leuctra , the Thebans had their turn of domination .
It happened but too often , according to Plutarch , that the deputies of the strongest cities awed and corrupted those of the weaker ; and that judgment went in favor of the most powerful party .
Even in the midst of defensive and dangerous wars with Persia and Macedon , the members never acted in concert , and were , more or fewer of them , eternally the dupes or the hirelings of the common enemy .
The intervals of foreign war were filled up by domestic vicissitudes convulsions , and carnage .
After the conclusion of the war with Xerxes , it appears that the Lacedaemonians required that a number of the cities should be turned out of the confederacy for the unfaithful part they had acted .
The Athenians , finding that the Lacedaemonians would lose fewer partisans by such a measure than themselves , and would become masters of the public deliberations , vigorously opposed and defeated the attempt .
This piece of history proves at once the inefficiency of the union , the ambition and jealousy of its most powerful members , and the dependent and degraded condition of the rest .
The smaller members , though entitled by the theory of their system to revolve in equal pride and majesty around the common center , had become , in fact , satellites of the orbs of primary magnitude .
Instead of this obvious policy , Athens and Sparta , inflated with the victories and the glory they had acquired , became first rivals and then enemies ; and did each other infinitely more mischief than they had suffered from Xerxes .
Their mutual jealousies , fears , hatreds , and injuries ended in the celebrated Peloponnesian war ; which itself ended in the ruin and slavery of the Athenians who had begun it .
As a weak government , when not at war , is ever agitated by internal dissentions , so these never fail to bring on fresh calamities from abroad .
The Phocians having ploughed up some consecrated ground belonging to the temple of Apollo , the Amphictyonic council , according to the superstition of the age , imposed a fine on the sacrilegious offenders .
The Phocians , being abetted by Athens and Sparta , refused to submit to the decree .
The Thebans , with others of the cities , undertook to maintain the authority of the Amphictyons , and to avenge the violated god .
The latter , being the weaker party , invited the assistance of Philip of Macedon , who had secretly fostered the contest .
Philip gladly seized the opportunity of executing the designs he had long planned against the liberties of Greece .
By his intrigues and bribes he won over to his interests the popular leaders of several cities ; by their influence and votes , gained admission into the Amphictyonic council ; and by his arts and his arms , made himself master of the confederacy .
Such were the consequences of the fallacious principle on which this interesting establishment was founded .
Had Greece , says a judicious observer on her fate , been united by a stricter confederation , and persevered in her union , she would never have worn the chains of Macedon ; and might have proved a barrier to the vast projects of Rome .
The Achaean league , as it is called , was another society of Grecian republics , which supplies us with valuable instruction .
The Union here was far more intimate , and its organization much wiser , than in the preceding instance .
It will accordingly appear , that though not exempt from a similar catastrophe , it by no means equally deserved it .
The cities composing this league retained their municipal jurisdiction , appointed their own officers , and enjoyed a perfect equality .
According to the primitive constitution , there were two praetors associated in the administration ; but on trial a single one was preferred .
It appears that the cities had all the same laws and customs , the same weights and measures , and the same money .
But how far this effect proceeded from the authority of the federal council is left in uncertainty .
It is said only that the cities were in a manner compelled to receive the same laws and usages .
When Lacedaemon was brought into the league by Philopoemen , it was attended with an abolition of the institutions and laws of Lycurgus , and an adoption of those of the Achaeans .
The Amphictyonic confederacy , of which she had been a member , left her in the full exercise of her government and her legislation .
This circumstance alone proves a very material difference in the genius of the two systems .
It is much to be regretted that such imperfect monuments remain of this curious political fabric .
Could its interior structure and regular operation be ascertained , it is probable that more light would be thrown by it on the science of federal government , than by any of the like experiments with which we are acquainted .
One important fact seems to be witnessed by all the historians who take notice of Achaean affairs .
The Abbe Mably , in his observations on Greece , says that the popular government , which was so tempestuous elsewhere , caused no disorders in the members of the Achaean republic , BECAUSE IT WAS THERE TEMPERED BY THE GENERAL AUTHORITY AND LAWS OF THE CONFEDERACY .
We are not to conclude too hastily , however , that faction did not , in a certain degree , agitate the particular cities ; much less that a due subordination and harmony reigned in the general system .
The contrary is sufficiently displayed in the vicissitudes and fate of the republic .
Whilst the Amphictyonic confederacy remained , that of the Achaeans , which comprehended the less important cities only , made little figure on the theatre of Greece .
When the former became a victim to Macedon , the latter was spared by the policy of Philip and Alexander .
Under the successors of these princes , however , a different policy prevailed .
The arts of division were practiced among the Achaeans .
Each city was seduced into a separate interest ; the union was dissolved .
Some of the cities fell under the tyranny of Macedonian garrisons ; others under that of usurpers springing out of their own confusions .
Shame and oppression erelong awaken their love of liberty .
A few cities reunited .
Their example was followed by others , as opportunities were found of cutting off their tyrants .
The league soon embraced almost the whole Peloponnesus .
Macedon saw its progress ; but was hindered by internal dissensions from stopping it .
All Greece caught the enthusiasm and seemed ready to unite in one confederacy , when the jealousy and envy in Sparta and Athens , of the rising glory of the Achaeans , threw a fatal damp on the enterprise .
The dread of the Macedonian power induced the league to court the alliance of the Kings of Egypt and Syria , who , as successors of Alexander , were rivals of the king of Macedon .
The Achaeans were now reduced to the dilemma of submitting to Cleomenes , or of supplicating the aid of Macedon , its former oppressor .
The latter expedient was adopted .
The contests of the Greeks always afforded a pleasing opportunity to that powerful neighbor of intermeddling in their affairs .
A Macedonian army quickly appeared .
Cleomenes was vanquished .
The Achaeans soon experienced , as often happens , that a victorious and powerful ally is but another name for a master .
All that their most abject compliances could obtain from him was a toleration of the exercise of their laws .
Philip , who was now on the throne of Macedon , soon provoked by his tyrannies , fresh combinations among the Greeks .
The Achaeans , though weakened by internal dissensions and by the revolt of Messene , one of its members , being joined by the AEtolians and Athenians , erected the standard of opposition .
Finding themselves , though thus supported , unequal to the undertaking , they once more had recourse to the dangerous expedient of introducing the succor of foreign arms .
The Romans , to whom the invitation was made , eagerly embraced it .
Philip was conquered ; Macedon subdued .
A new crisis ensued to the league .
Dissensions broke out among it members .
These the Romans fostered .
Callicrates and other popular leaders became mercenary instruments for inveigling their countrymen .
The more effectually to nourish discord and disorder the Romans had , to the astonishment of those who confided in their sincerity , already proclaimed universal liberty1 throughout Greece .
With the same insidious views , they now seduced the members from the league , by representing to their pride the violation it committed on their sovereignty .
By these arts this union , the last hope of Greece , the last hope of ancient liberty , was torn into pieces ; and such imbecility and distraction introduced , that the arms of Rome found little difficulty in completing the ruin which their arts had commenced .
The Achaeans were cut to pieces , and Achaia loaded with chains , under which it is groaning at this hour .
1 This was but another name more specious for the independence of the members on the federal head .
The Same Subject Continued ( The Insufficiency of the Present Confederation to Preserve the Union ) For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : THE examples of ancient confederacies , cited in my last paper , have not exhausted the source of experimental instruction on this subject .
There are existing institutions , founded on a similar principle , which merit particular consideration .
The first which presents itself is the Germanic body .
In the early ages of Christianity , Germany was occupied by seven distinct nations , who had no common chief .
The Franks , one of the number , having conquered the Gauls , established the kingdom which has taken its name from them .
In the ninth century Charlemagne , its warlike monarch , carried his victorious arms in every direction ; and Germany became a part of his vast dominions .
On the dismemberment , which took place under his sons , this part was erected into a separate and independent empire .
Charlemagne and his immediate descendants possessed the reality , as well as the ensigns and dignity of imperial power .
But the principal vassals , whose fiefs had become hereditary , and who composed the national diets which Charlemagne had not abolished , gradually threw off the yoke and advanced to sovereign jurisdiction and independence .
The force of imperial sovereignty was insufficient to restrain such powerful dependants ; or to preserve the unity and tranquillity of the empire .
The most furious private wars , accompanied with every species of calamity , were carried on between the different princes and states .
In the eleventh century the emperors enjoyed full sovereignty : In the fifteenth they had little more than the symbols and decorations of power .
Out of this feudal system , which has itself many of the important features of a confederacy , has grown the federal system which constitutes the Germanic empire .
And the ban is denounced against such as shall violate any of these restrictions .
The members of the diet , as such , are subject in all cases to be judged by the emperor and diet , and in their private capacities by the aulic council and imperial chamber .
The prerogatives of the emperor are numerous .
In certain cases , the electors form a council to him .
In quality of emperor , he possesses no territory within the empire , nor receives any revenue for his support .
But his revenue and dominions , in other qualities , constitute him one of the most powerful princes in Europe .
From such a parade of constitutional powers , in the representatives and head of this confederacy , the natural supposition would be , that it must form an exception to the general character which belongs to its kindred systems .
Nothing would be further from the reality .
In the sixteenth century , the emperor , with one part of the empire on his side , was seen engaged against the other princes and states .
In one of the conflicts , the emperor himself was put to flight , and very near being made prisoner by the elector of Saxony .
The late king of Prussia was more than once pitted against his imperial sovereign ; and commonly proved an overmatch for him .
Controversies and wars among the members themselves have been so common , that the German annals are crowded with the bloody pages which describe them .
Previous to the peace of Westphalia , Germany was desolated by a war of thirty years , in which the emperor , with one half of the empire , was on one side , and Sweden , with the other half , on the opposite side .
Peace was at length negotiated , and dictated by foreign powers ; and the articles of it , to which foreign powers are parties , made a fundamental part of the Germanic constitution .
If the nation happens , on any emergency , to be more united by the necessity of self-defense , its situation is still deplorable .
The small body of national troops , which has been judged necessary in time of peace , is defectively kept up , badly paid , infected with local prejudices , and supported by irregular and disproportionate contributions to the treasury .
This experiment has only served to demonstrate more fully the radical vice of the constitution .
Each circle is the miniature picture of the deformities of this political monster .
They either fail to execute their commissions , or they do it with all the devastation and carnage of civil war .
Sometimes whole circles are defaulters ; and then they increase the mischief which they were instituted to remedy .
We may form some judgment of this scheme of military coercion from a sample given by Thuanus .
In Donawerth , a free and imperial city of the circle of Suabia , the Abb 300 de St. Croix enjoyed certain immunities which had been reserved to him .
In the exercise of these , on some public occasions , outrages were committed on him by the people of the city .
The consequence was that the city was put under the ban of the empire , and the Duke of Bavaria , though director of another circle , obtained an appointment to enforce it .
It may be asked , perhaps , what has so long kept this disjointed machine from falling entirely to pieces ?
Nor is it to be imagined , if this obstacle could be surmounted , that the neighboring powers would suffer a revolution to take place which would give to the empire the force and preeminence to which it is entitled .
Foreign nations have long considered themselves as interested in the changes made by events in this constitution ; and have , on various occasions , betrayed their policy of perpetuating its anarchy and weakness .
If more direct examples were wanting , Poland , as a government over local sovereigns , might not improperly be taken notice of .
Nor could any proof more striking be given of the calamities flowing from such institutions .
Equally unfit for self-government and self-defense , it has long been at the mercy of its powerful neighbors ; who have lately had the mercy to disburden it of one third of its people and territories .
The connection among the Swiss cantons scarcely amounts to a confederacy ; though it is sometimes cited as an instance of the stability of such institutions .
They have no common treasury ; no common troops even in war ; no common coin ; no common judicatory ; nor any other common mark of sovereignty .
The provision is , that the parties at variance shall each choose four judges out of the neutral cantons , who , in case of disagreement , choose an umpire .
This tribunal , under an oath of impartiality , pronounces definitive sentence , which all the cantons are bound to enforce .
So far as the peculiarity of their case will admit of comparison with that of the United States , it serves to confirm the principle intended to be established .
Whatever efficacy the union may have had in ordinary cases , it appears that the moment a cause of difference sprang up , capable of trying its strength , it failed .
The controversies on the subject of religion , which in three instances have kindled violent and bloody contests , may be said , in fact , to have severed the league .
The Protestant and Catholic cantons have since had their separate diets , where all the most important concerns are adjusted , and which have left the general diet little other business than to take care of the common bailages .
That separation had another consequence , which merits attention .
It produced opposite alliances with foreign powers : of Berne , at the head of the Protestant association , with the United Provinces ; and of Luzerne , at the head of the Catholic association , with France .
1 Pfeffel , " Nouvel Abreg .
Chronol. de l 'Hist . , etc . , d 'Allemagne , " says the pretext was to indemnify himself for the expense of the expedition .
The Same Subject Continued ( The Insufficiency of the Present Confederation to Preserve the Union ) From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , December 11 , 1787 .
To the People of the State of New York : THE United Netherlands are a confederacy of republics , or rather of aristocracies of a very remarkable texture , yet confirming all the lessons derived from those which we have already reviewed .
The union is composed of seven coequal and sovereign states , and each state or province is a composition of equal and independent cities .
In all important cases , not only the provinces but the cities must be unanimous .
The sovereignty of the Union is represented by the States-General , consisting usually of about fifty deputies appointed by the provinces .
They hold their seats , some for life , some for six , three , and one years ; from two provinces they continue in appointment during pleasure .
The States-General have authority to enter into treaties and alliances ; to make war and peace ; to raise armies and equip fleets ; to ascertain quotas and demand contributions .
In all these cases , however , unanimity and the sanction of their constituents are requisite .
They have authority to appoint and receive ambassadors ; to execute treaties and alliances already formed ; to provide for the collection of duties on imports and exports ; to regulate the mint , with a saving to the provincial rights ; to govern as sovereigns the dependent territories .
The provinces are restrained , unless with the general consent , from entering into foreign treaties ; from establishing imposts injurious to others , or charging their neighbors with higher duties than their own subjects .
A council of state , a chamber of accounts , with five colleges of admiralty , aid and fortify the federal administration .
The executive magistrate of the union is the stadtholder , who is now an hereditary prince .
As stadtholder of the union , he has , however , considerable prerogatives .
In his military capacity he commands the federal troops , provides for garrisons , and in general regulates military affairs ; disposes of all appointments , from colonels to ensigns , and of the governments and posts of fortified towns .
His revenue , exclusive of his private income , amounts to three hundred thousand florins .
The standing army which he commands consists of about forty thousand men .
Such is the nature of the celebrated Belgic confederacy , as delineated on parchment .
What are the characters which practice has stamped upon it ?
Imbecility in the government ; discord among the provinces ; foreign influence and indignities ; a precarious existence in peace , and peculiar calamities from war .
It was long ago remarked by Grotius , that nothing but the hatred of his countrymen to the house of Austria kept them from being ruined by the vices of their constitution .
The union of Utrecht , says another respectable writer , reposes an authority in the States-General , seemingly sufficient to secure harmony , but the jealousy in each province renders the practice very different from the theory .
The same instrument , says another , obliges each province to levy certain contributions ; but this article never could , and probably never will , be executed ; because the inland provinces , who have little commerce , cannot pay an equal quota .
In matters of contribution , it is the practice to waive the articles of the constitution .
The danger of delay obliges the consenting provinces to furnish their quotas , without waiting for the others ; and then to obtain reimbursement from the others , by deputations , which are frequent , or otherwise , as they can .
The great wealth and influence of the province of Holland enable her to effect both these purposes .
Foreign ministers , says Sir William Temple , who was himself a foreign minister , elude matters taken ad referendum , by tampering with the provinces and cities .
In 1726 , the treaty of Hanover was delayed by these means a whole year .
Instances of a like nature are numerous and notorious .
In critical emergencies , the States-General are often compelled to overleap their constitutional bounds .
In 1688 , they concluded a treaty of themselves at the risk of their heads .
The treaty of Westphalia , in 1648 , by which their independence was formerly and finally recognized , was concluded without the consent of Zealand .
Even as recently as the last treaty of peace with Great Britain , the constitutional principle of unanimity was departed from .
A weak constitution must necessarily terminate in dissolution , for want of proper powers , or the usurpation of powers requisite for the public safety .
Whether the usurpation , when once begun , will stop at the salutary point , or go forward to the dangerous extreme , must depend on the contingencies of the moment .
Tyranny has perhaps oftener grown out of the assumptions of power , called for , on pressing exigencies , by a defective constitution , than out of the full exercise of the largest constitutional authorities .
Notwithstanding the calamities produced by the stadtholdership , it has been supposed that without his influence in the individual provinces , the causes of anarchy manifest in the confederacy would long ago have dissolved it . "
Under such a government , " says the Abbe Mably , " the Union could never have subsisted , if the provinces had not a spring within themselves , capable of quickening their tardiness , and compelling them to the same way of thinking .
This spring is the stadtholder . "
It is remarked by Sir William Temple , " that in the intermissions of the stadtholdership , Holland , by her riches and her authority , which drew the others into a sort of dependence , supplied the place . "
These are not the only circumstances which have controlled the tendency to anarchy and dissolution .
The surrounding powers impose an absolute necessity of union to a certain degree , at the same time that they nourish by their intrigues the constitutional vices which keep the republic in some degree always at their mercy .
The true patriots have long bewailed the fatal tendency of these vices , and have made no less than four regular experiments by EXTRAORDINARY ASSEMBLIES , convened for the special purpose , to apply a remedy .
As many times has their laudable zeal found it impossible to UNITE THE PUBLIC COUNCILS in reforming the known , the acknowledged , the fatal evils of the existing constitution .
A design was also conceived of establishing a general tax to be administered by the federal authority .
This also had its adversaries and failed .
This unhappy people seem to be now suffering from popular convulsions , from dissensions among the states , and from the actual invasion of foreign arms , the crisis of their destiny .
All nations have their eyes fixed on the awful spectacle .
I make no apology for having dwelt so long on the contemplation of these federal precedents .
Experience is the oracle of truth ; and where its responses are unequivocal , they ought to be conclusive and sacred .
Other Defects of the Present Confederation For the Independent Journal .
To form a safe and satisfactory judgment of the proper remedy , it is absolutely necessary that we should be well acquainted with the extent and malignity of the disease .
The next most palpable defect of the subsisting Confederation , is the total want of a SANCTION to its laws .
The United States , as now composed , have no powers to exact obedience , or punish disobedience to their resolutions , either by pecuniary mulcts , by a suspension or divestiture of privileges , or by any other constitutional mode .
If we are unwilling to impair the force of this applauded provision , we shall be obliged to conclude , that the United States afford the extraordinary spectacle of a government destitute even of the shadow of constitutional power to enforce the execution of its own laws .
It will appear , from the specimens which have been cited , that the American Confederacy , in this particular , stands discriminated from every other institution of a similar kind , and exhibits a new and unexampled phenomenon in the political world .
The want of a mutual guaranty of the State governments is another capital imperfection in the federal plan .
The want of a guaranty , though it might in its consequences endanger the Union , does not so immediately attack its existence as the want of a constitutional sanction to its laws .
Without a guaranty the assistance to be derived from the Union in repelling those domestic dangers which may sometimes threaten the existence of the State constitutions , must be renounced .
Usurpation may rear its crest in each State , and trample upon the liberties of the people , while the national government could legally do nothing more than behold its encroachments with indignation and regret .
A successful faction may erect a tyranny on the ruins of order and law , while no succor could constitutionally be afforded by the Union to the friends and supporters of the government .
The tempestuous situation from which Massachusetts has scarcely emerged , evinces that dangers of this kind are not merely speculative .
Who can determine what might have been the issue of her late convulsions , if the malcontents had been headed by a Caesar or by a Cromwell ?
Who can predict what effect a despotism , established in Massachusetts , would have upon the liberties of New Hampshire or Rhode Island , of Connecticut or New York ?
The inordinate pride of State importance has suggested to some minds an objection to the principle of a guaranty in the federal government , as involving an officious interference in the domestic concerns of the members .
A scruple of this kind would deprive us of one of the principal advantages to be expected from union , and can only flow from a misapprehension of the nature of the provision itself .
It could be no impediment to reforms of the State constitution by a majority of the people in a legal and peaceable mode .
This right would remain undiminished .
The guaranty could only operate against changes to be effected by violence .
Towards the preventions of calamities of this kind , too many checks cannot be provided .
The peace of society and the stability of government depend absolutely on the efficacy of the precautions adopted on this head .
Where the whole power of the government is in the hands of the people , there is the less pretense for the use of violent remedies in partial or occasional distempers of the State .
The natural cure for an ill-administration , in a popular or representative constitution , is a change of men .
A guaranty by the national authority would be as much levelled against the usurpations of rulers as against the ferments and outrages of faction and sedition in the community .
The principle of regulating the contributions of the States to the common treasury by QUOTAS is another fundamental error in the Confederation .
Its repugnancy to an adequate supply of the national exigencies has been already pointed out , and has sufficiently appeared from the trial which has been made of it .
I speak of it now solely with a view to equality among the States .
Those who have been accustomed to contemplate the circumstances which produce and constitute national wealth , must be satisfied that there is no common standard or barometer by which the degrees of it can be ascertained .
Neither the value of lands , nor the numbers of the people , which have been successively proposed as the rule of State contributions , has any pretension to being a just representative .
If the like parallel were to be run between several of the American States , it would furnish a like result .
The position may be equally illustrated by a similar process between the counties of the same State .
The wealth of nations depends upon an infinite variety of causes .
The consequence clearly is that there can be no common measure of national wealth , and , of course , no general or stationary rule by which the ability of a state to pay taxes can be determined .
The attempt , therefore , to regulate the contributions of the members of a confederacy by any such rule , cannot fail to be productive of glaring inequality and extreme oppression .
This inequality would of itself be sufficient in America to work the eventual destruction of the Union , if any mode of enforcing a compliance with its requisitions could be devised .
This , however , is an evil inseparable from the principle of quotas and requisitions .
There is no method of steering clear of this inconvenience , but by authorizing the national government to raise its own revenues in its own way .
Imposts , excises , and , in general , all duties upon articles of consumption , may be compared to a fluid , which will , in time , find its level with the means of paying them .
The amount to be contributed by each citizen will in a degree be at his own option , and can be regulated by an attention to his resources .
The rich may be extravagant , the poor can be frugal ; and private oppression may always be avoided by a judicious selection of objects proper for such impositions .
If inequalities should arise in some States from duties on particular objects , these will , in all probability , be counterbalanced by proportional inequalities in other States , from the duties on other objects .
In the course of time and things , an equilibrium , as far as it is attainable in so complicated a subject , will be established everywhere .
Or , if inequalities should still exist , they would neither be so great in their degree , so uniform in their operation , nor so odious in their appearance , as those which would necessarily spring from quotas , upon any scale that can possibly be devised .
It is a signal advantage of taxes on articles of consumption , that they contain in their own nature a security against excess .
They prescribe their own limit ; which cannot be exceeded without defeating the end proposed , that is , an extension of the revenue .
When applied to this object , the saying is as just as it is witty , that , " in political arithmetic , two and two do not always make four . "
If duties are too high , they lessen the consumption ; the collection is eluded ; and the product to the treasury is not so great as when they are confined within proper and moderate bounds .
This forms a complete barrier against any material oppression of the citizens by taxes of this class , and is itself a natural limitation of the power of imposing them .
Impositions of this kind usually fall under the denomination of indirect taxes , and must for a long time constitute the chief part of the revenue raised in this country .
Those of the direct kind , which principally relate to land and buildings , may admit of a rule of apportionment .
Either the value of land , or the number of the people , may serve as a standard .
The state of agriculture and the populousness of a country have been considered as nearly connected with each other .
And , as a rule , for the purpose intended , numbers , in the view of simplicity and certainty , are entitled to a preference .
In every country it is a herculean task to obtain a valuation of the land ; in a country imperfectly settled and progressive in improvement , the difficulties are increased almost to impracticability .
The expense of an accurate valuation is , in all situations , a formidable objection .
The Same Subject Continued ( Other Defects of the Present Confederation ) From the New York Packet .
Friday , December 14 , 1787 .
To the People of the State of New York : IN ADDITION to the defects already enumerated in the existing federal system , there are others of not less importance , which concur in rendering it altogether unfit for the administration of the affairs of the Union .
The want of a power to regulate commerce is by all parties allowed to be of the number .
The utility of such a power has been anticipated under the first head of our inquiries ; and for this reason , as well as from the universal conviction entertained upon the subject , little need be added in this place .
It is indeed evident , on the most superficial view , that there is no object , either as it respects the interests of trade or finance , that more strongly demands a federal superintendence .
The want of it has already operated as a bar to the formation of beneficial treaties with foreign powers , and has given occasions of dissatisfaction between the States .
The power of raising armies , by the most obvious construction of the articles of the Confederation , is merely a power of making requisitions upon the States for quotas of men .
This practice in the course of the late war , was found replete with obstructions to a vigorous and to an economical system of defense .
It gave birth to a competition between the States which created a kind of auction for men .
In order to furnish the quotas required of them , they outbid each other till bounties grew to an enormous and insupportable size .
The hope of a still further increase afforded an inducement to those who were disposed to serve to procrastinate their enlistment , and disinclined them from engaging for any considerable periods .
Hence , slow and scanty levies of men , in the most critical emergencies of our affairs ; short enlistments at an unparalleled expense ; continual fluctuations in the troops , ruinous to their discipline and subjecting the public safety frequently to the perilous crisis of a disbanded army .
Hence , also , those oppressive expedients for raising men which were upon several occasions practiced , and which nothing but the enthusiasm of liberty would have induced the people to endure .
This method of raising troops is not more unfriendly to economy and vigor than it is to an equal distribution of the burden .
The immediate pressure of this inequality was not in this case , as in that of the contributions of money , alleviated by the hope of a final liquidation .
The States which did not pay their proportions of money might at least be charged with their deficiencies ; but no account could be formed of the deficiencies in the supplies of men .
We shall not , however , see much reason to reget the want of this hope , when we consider how little prospect there is , that the most delinquent States will ever be able to make compensation for their pecuniary failures .
The system of quotas and requisitions , whether it be applied to men or money , is , in every view , a system of imbecility in the Union , and of inequality and injustice among the members .
The right of equal suffrage among the States is another exceptionable part of the Confederation .
Its operation contradicts the fundamental maxim of republican government , which requires that the sense of the majority should prevail .
Sophistry may reply , that sovereigns are equal , and that a majority of the votes of the States will be a majority of confederated America .
But this kind of logical legerdemain will never counteract the plain suggestions of justice and common-sense .
The larger States would after a while revolt from the idea of receiving the law from the smaller .
To acquiesce in such a privation of their due importance in the political scale , would be not merely to be insensible to the love of power , but even to sacrifice the desire of equality .
It is neither rational to expect the first , nor just to require the last .
The smaller States , considering how peculiarly their safety and welfare depend on union , ought readily to renounce a pretension which , if not relinquished , would prove fatal to its duration .
It may be objected to this , that not seven but nine States , or two thirds of the whole number , must consent to the most important resolutions ; and it may be thence inferred that nine States would always comprehend a majority of the Union .
In addition to this , it is to be observed that there is a probability of an increase in the number of States , and no provision for a proportional augmentation of the ratio of votes .
But this is not all : what at first sight may seem a remedy , is , in reality , a poison .
To give a minority a negative upon the majority ( which is always the case where more than a majority is requisite to a decision ) , is , in its tendency , to subject the sense of the greater number to that of the lesser .
Congress , from the nonattendance of a few States , have been frequently in the situation of a Polish diet , where a single VOTE has been sufficient to put a stop to all their movements .
A sixtieth part of the Union , which is about the proportion of Delaware and Rhode Island , has several times been able to oppose an entire bar to its operations .
This is one of those refinements which , in practice , has an effect the reverse of what is expected from it in theory .
The necessity of unanimity in public bodies , or of something approaching towards it , has been founded upon a supposition that it would contribute to security .
But its real operation is to embarrass the administration , to destroy the energy of the government , and to substitute the pleasure , caprice , or artifices of an insignificant , turbulent , or corrupt junto , to the regular deliberations and decisions of a respectable majority .
In those emergencies of a nation , in which the goodness or badness , the weakness or strength of its government , is of the greatest importance , there is commonly a necessity for action .
The public business must , in some way or other , go forward .
Hence , tedious delays ; continual negotiation and intrigue ; contemptible compromises of the public good .
And yet , in such a system , it is even happy when such compromises can take place : for upon some occasions things will not admit of accommodation ; and then the measures of government must be injuriously suspended , or fatally defeated .
It is often , by the impracticability of obtaining the concurrence of the necessary number of votes , kept in a state of inaction .
Its situation must always savor of weakness , sometimes border upon anarchy .
It is not difficult to discover , that a principle of this kind gives greater scope to foreign corruption , as well as to domestic faction , than that which permits the sense of the majority to decide ; though the contrary of this has been presumed .
The mistake has proceeded from not attending with due care to the mischiefs that may be occasioned by obstructing the progress of government at certain critical seasons .
Suppose , for instance , we were engaged in a war , in conjunction with one foreign nation , against another .
Suppose the necessity of our situation demanded peace , and the interest or ambition of our ally led him to seek the prosecution of the war , with views that might justify us in making separate terms .
In the first case , he would have to corrupt a smaller number ; in the last , a greater number .
Upon the same principle , it would be much easier for a foreign power with which we were at war to perplex our councils and embarrass our exertions .
And , in a commercial view , we may be subjected to similar inconveniences .
A nation , with which we might have a treaty of commerce , could with much greater facility prevent our forming a connection with her competitor in trade , though such a connection should be ever so beneficial to ourselves .
Evils of this description ought not to be regarded as imaginary .
One of the weak sides of republics , among their numerous advantages , is that they afford too easy an inlet to foreign corruption .
The world has accordingly been witness to few examples of this species of royal prostitution , though there have been abundant specimens of every other kind .
Hence it is that history furnishes us with so many mortifying examples of the prevalency of foreign corruption in republican governments .
How much this contributed to the ruin of the ancient commonwealths has been already delineated .
It is well known that the deputies of the United Provinces have , in various instances , been purchased by the emissaries of the neighboring kingdoms .
The Earl of Chesterfield ( if my memory serves me right ) , in a letter to his court , intimates that his success in an important negotiation must depend on his obtaining a major 's commission for one of those deputies .
A circumstance which crowns the defects of the Confederation remains yet to be mentioned , the want of a judiciary power .
Laws are a dead letter without courts to expound and define their true meaning and operation .
The treaties of the United States , to have any force at all , must be considered as part of the law of the land .
Their true import , as far as respects individuals , must , like all other laws , be ascertained by judicial determinations .
To produce uniformity in these determinations , they ought to be submitted , in the last resort , to one SUPREME TRIBUNAL .
And this tribunal ought to be instituted under the same authority which forms the treaties themselves .
These ingredients are both indispensable .
If there is in each State a court of final jurisdiction , there may be as many different final determinations on the same point as there are courts .
There are endless diversities in the opinions of men .
We often see not only different courts but the judges of the came court differing from each other .
This is the more necessary where the frame of the government is so compounded that the laws of the whole are in danger of being contravened by the laws of the parts .
The treaties of the United States , under the present Constitution , are liable to the infractions of thirteen different legislatures , and as many different courts of final jurisdiction , acting under the authority of those legislatures .
The faith , the reputation , the peace of the whole Union , are thus continually at the mercy of the prejudices , the passions , and the interests of every member of which it is composed .
Is it possible that foreign nations can either respect or confide in such a government ?
Is it possible that the people of America will longer consent to trust their honor , their happiness , their safety , on so precarious a foundation ?
The organization of Congress is itself utterly improper for the exercise of those powers which are necessary to be deposited in the Union .
Thus , we should create in reality that very tyranny which the adversaries of the new Constitution either are , or affect to be , solicitous to avert .
It has not a little contributed to the infirmities of the existing federal system , that it never had a ratification by the PEOPLE .
Resting on no better foundation than the consent of the several legislatures , it has been exposed to frequent and intricate questions concerning the validity of its powers , and has , in some instances , given birth to the enormous doctrine of a right of legislative repeal .
Owing its ratification to the law of a State , it has been contended that the same authority might repeal the law by which it was ratified .
However gross a heresy it may be to maintain that a PARTY to a COMPACT has a right to revoke that COMPACT , the doctrine itself has had respectable advocates .
The possibility of a question of this nature proves the necessity of laying the foundations of our national government deeper than in the mere sanction of delegated authority .
The fabric of American empire ought to rest on the solid basis of THE CONSENT OF THE PEOPLE .
The streams of national power ought to flow immediately from that pure , original fountain of all legitimate authority .
FNA1- @ 1 This , as nearly as I can recollect , was the sense of his speech on introducing the last bill .
FNA1- @ 2 Encyclopedia , article " Empire . "
FNA1- @ 3 New Hampshire , Rhode Island , New Jersey , Delaware , Georgia , South Carolina , and Maryland are a majority of the whole number of the States , but they do not contain one third of the people .
FNA1- @ 4 Add New York and Connecticut to the foregoing seven , and they will be less than a majority .
The Necessity of a Government as Energetic as the One Proposed to the Preservation of the Union From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , December 18 , 1787 .
To the People of the State of New York : THE necessity of a Constitution , at least equally energetic with the one proposed , to the preservation of the Union , is the point at the examination of which we are now arrived .
This inquiry will naturally divide itself into three branches the objects to be provided for by the federal government , the quantity of power necessary to the accomplishment of those objects , the persons upon whom that power ought to operate .
Its distribution and organization will more properly claim our attention under the succeeding head .
The authorities essential to the common defense are these : to raise armies ; to build and equip fleets ; to prescribe rules for the government of both ; to direct their operations ; to provide for their support .
These powers ought to exist without limitation , BECAUSE IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO FORESEE OR DEFINE THE EXTENT AND VARIETY OF NATIONAL EXIGENCIES , OR THE CORRESPONDENT EXTENT AND VARIETY OF THE MEANS WHICH MAY BE NECESSARY TO SATISFY THEM .
The circumstances that endanger the safety of nations are infinite , and for this reason no constitutional shackles can wisely be imposed on the power to which the care of it is committed .
This power ought to be coextensive with all the possible combinations of such circumstances ; and ought to be under the direction of the same councils which are appointed to preside over the common defense .
This is one of those truths which , to a correct and unprejudiced mind , carries its own evidence along with it ; and may be obscured , but cannot be made plainer by argument or reasoning .
It rests upon axioms as simple as they are universal ; the MEANS ought to be proportioned to the END ; the persons , from whose agency the attainment of any END is expected , ought to possess the MEANS by which it is to be attained .
Defective as the present Confederation has been proved to be , this principle appears to have been fully recognized by the framers of it ; though they have not made proper or adequate provision for its exercise .
Congress have an unlimited discretion to make requisitions of men and money ; to govern the army and navy ; to direct their operations .
It was presumed that a sense of their true interests , and a regard to the dictates of good faith , would be found sufficient pledges for the punctual performance of the duty of the members to the federal head .
Shall the Union be constituted the guardian of the common safety ?
Are fleets and armies and revenues necessary to this purpose ?
The government of the Union must be empowered to pass all laws , and to make all regulations which have relation to them .
The same must be the case in respect to commerce , and to every other matter to which its jurisdiction is permitted to extend .
Is the administration of justice between the citizens of the same State the proper department of the local governments ?
These must possess all the authorities which are connected with this object , and with every other that may be allotted to their particular cognizance and direction .
Is there not a manifest inconsistency in devolving upon the federal government the care of the general defense , and leaving in the State governments the EFFECTIVE powers by which it is to be provided for ?
Is not a want of co-operation the infallible consequence of such a system ?
And will not weakness , disorder , an undue distribution of the burdens and calamities of war , an unnecessary and intolerable increase of expense , be its natural and inevitable concomitants ?
Have we not had unequivocal experience of its effects in the course of the revolution which we have just accomplished ?
Every view we may take of the subject , as candid inquirers after truth , will serve to convince us , that it is both unwise and dangerous to deny the federal government an unconfined authority , as to all those objects which are intrusted to its management .
It will indeed deserve the most vigilant and careful attention of the people , to see that it be modeled in such a manner as to admit of its being safely vested with the requisite powers .
If any plan which has been , or may be , offered to our consideration , should not , upon a dispassionate inspection , be found to answer this description , it ought to be rejected .
A government , the constitution of which renders it unfit to be trusted with all the powers which a free people OUGHT TO DELEGATE TO ANY GOVERNMENT , would be an unsafe and improper depositary of the NATIONAL INTERESTS .
Wherever THESE can with propriety be confided , the coincident powers may safely accompany them .
This is the true result of all just reasoning upon the subject .
And the adversaries of the plan promulgated by the convention ought to have confined themselves to showing , that the internal structure of the proposed government was such as to render it unworthy of the confidence of the people .
They ought not to have wandered into inflammatory declamations and unmeaning cavils about the extent of the powers .
The POWERS are not too extensive for the OBJECTS of federal administration , or , in other words , for the management of our NATIONAL INTERESTS ; nor can any satisfactory argument be framed to show that they are chargeable with such an excess .
For the absurdity must continually stare us in the face of confiding to a government the direction of the most essential national interests , without daring to trust it to the authorities which are indispensible to their proper and efficient management .
Let us not attempt to reconcile contradictions , but firmly embrace a rational alternative .
I trust , however , that the impracticability of one general system cannot be shown .
This , at all events , must be evident , that the very difficulty itself , drawn from the extent of the country , is the strongest argument in favor of an energetic government ; for any other can certainly never preserve the Union of so large an empire .
If we embrace the tenets of those who oppose the adoption of the proposed Constitution , as the standard of our political creed , we cannot fail to verify the gloomy doctrines which predict the impracticability of a national system pervading entire limits of the present Confederacy .
The Powers Necessary to the Common Defense Further Considered For the Independent Journal .
Disappointed in his first surmise , the person I have supposed would be apt to pursue his conjectures a little further .
He would naturally say to himself , it is impossible that all this vehement and pathetic declamation can be without some colorable pretext .
Still , however he would be persuaded that there must be some plausible foundation for the cry raised on this head .
It would probably occur to him , that he would be likely to find the precautions he was in search of in the primitive compact between the States .
Here , at length , he would expect to meet with a solution of the enigma .
No doubt , he would observe to himself , the existing Confederation must contain the most explicit provisions against military establishments in time of peace ; and a departure from this model , in a favorite point , has occasioned the discontent which appears to influence these political champions .
Even such a man could hardly forbear remarking , that a conduct of this kind has too much the appearance of an intention to mislead the people by alarming their passions , rather than to convince them by arguments addressed to their understandings .
But however little this objection may be countenanced , even by precedents among ourselves , it may be satisfactory to take a nearer view of its intrinsic merits .
From a close examination it will appear that restraints upon the discretion of the legislature in respect to military establishments in time of peace , would be improper to be imposed , and if imposed , from the necessities of society , would be unlikely to be observed .
Though a wide ocean separates the United States from Europe , yet there are various considerations that warn us against an excess of confidence or security .
On one side of us , and stretching far into our rear , are growing settlements subject to the dominion of Britain .
On the other side , and extending to meet the British settlements , are colonies and establishments subject to the dominion of Spain .
This situation and the vicinity of the West India Islands , belonging to these two powers create between them , in respect to their American possessions and in relation to us , a common interest .
The savage tribes on our Western frontier ought to be regarded as our natural enemies , their natural allies , because they have most to fear from us , and most to hope from them .
The improvements in the art of navigation have , as to the facility of communication , rendered distant nations , in a great measure , neighbors .
Britain and Spain are among the principal maritime powers of Europe .
A future concert of views between these nations ought not to be regarded as improbable .
The increasing remoteness of consanguinity is every day diminishing the force of the family compact between France and Spain .
And politicians have ever with great reason considered the ties of blood as feeble and precarious links of political connection .
These circumstances combined , admonish us not to be too sanguine in considering ourselves as entirely out of the reach of danger .
Previous to the Revolution , and ever since the peace , there has been a constant necessity for keeping small garrisons on our Western frontier .
No person can doubt that these will continue to be indispensable , if it should only be against the ravages and depredations of the Indians .
These garrisons must either be furnished by occasional detachments from the militia , or by permanent corps in the pay of the government .
The first is impracticable ; and if practicable , would be pernicious .
The militia would not long , if at all , submit to be dragged from their occupations and families to perform that most disagreeable duty in times of profound peace .
And if they could be prevailed upon or compelled to do it , the increased expense of a frequent rotation of service , and the loss of labor and disconcertion of the industrious pursuits of individuals , would form conclusive objections to the scheme .
It would be as burdensome and injurious to the public as ruinous to private citizens .
The latter resource of permanent corps in the pay of the government amounts to a standing army in time of peace ; a small one , indeed , but not the less real for being small .
Here is a simple view of the subject , that shows us at once the impropriety of a constitutional interdiction of such establishments , and the necessity of leaving the matter to the discretion and prudence of the legislature .
In proportion to our increase in strength , it is probable , nay , it may be said certain , that Britain and Spain would augment their military establishments in our neighborhood .
If we should not be willing to be exposed , in a naked and defenseless condition , to their insults and encroachments , we should find it expedient to increase our frontier garrisons in some ratio to the force by which our Western settlements might be annoyed .
There are , and will be , particular posts , the possession of which will include the command of large districts of territory , and facilitate future invasions of the remainder .
It may be added that some of those posts will be keys to the trade with the Indian nations .
Can any man think it would be wise to leave such posts in a situation to be at any instant seized by one or the other of two neighboring and formidable powers ?
To act this part would be to desert all the usual maxims of prudence and policy .
If we mean to be a commercial people , or even to be secure on our Atlantic side , we must endeavor , as soon as possible , to have a navy .
To this purpose there must be dock-yards and arsenals ; and for the defense of these , fortifications , and probably garrisons .
FNA1- @ 1 This statement of the matter is taken from the printed collection of State constitutions .
Pennsylvania and North Carolina are the two which contain the interdiction in these words : " As standing armies in time of peace are dangerous to liberty , THEY OUGHT NOT to be kept up . "
This is , in truth , rather a CAUTION than a PROHIBITION .
New York has no bills of rights , and her constitution says not a word about the matter .
No bills of rights appear annexed to the constitutions of the other States , except the foregoing , and their constitutions are equally silent .
I am told , however that one or two States have bills of rights which do not appear in this collection ; but that those also recognize the right of the legislative authority in this respect .
The Same Subject Continued ( The Powers Necessary to the Common Defense Further Considered ) From the New York Packet .
Friday , December 21 , 1787 .
To the People of the State of New York : IT MAY perhaps be urged that the objects enumerated in the preceding number ought to be provided for by the State governments , under the direction of the Union .
The territories of Britain , Spain , and of the Indian nations in our neighborhood do not border on particular States , but encircle the Union from Maine to Georgia .
The danger , though in different degrees , is therefore common .
And the means of guarding against it ought , in like manner , to be the objects of common councils and of a common treasury .
It happens that some States , from local situation , are more directly exposed .
New York is of this class .
Upon the plan of separate provisions , New York would have to sustain the whole weight of the establishments requisite to her immediate safety , and to the mediate or ultimate protection of her neighbors .
This would neither be equitable as it respected New York nor safe as it respected the other States .
Various inconveniences would attend such a system .
The States , to whose lot it might fall to support the necessary establishments , would be as little able as willing , for a considerable time to come , to bear the burden of competent provisions .
The security of all would thus be subjected to the parsimony , improvidence , or inability of a part .
They would each choose to have some counterpoise , and pretenses could easily be contrived .
In this situation , military establishments , nourished by mutual jealousy , would be apt to swell beyond their natural or proper size ; and being at the separate disposal of the members , they would be engines for the abridgment or demolition of the national authority .
On the other hand , the liberty of the people would be less safe in this state of things than in that which left the national forces in the hands of the national government .
As far as an army may be considered as a dangerous weapon of power , it had better be in those hands of which the people are most likely to be jealous than in those of which they are least likely to be jealous .
For it is a truth , which the experience of ages has attested , that the people are always most in danger when the means of injuring their rights are in the possession of those of whom they entertain the least suspicion .
The framers of the existing Confederation , fully aware of the danger to the Union from the separate possession of military forces by the States , have , in express terms , prohibited them from having either ships or troops , unless with the consent of Congress .
The truth is , that the existence of a federal government and military establishments under State authority are not less at variance with each other than a due supply of the federal treasury and the system of quotas and requisitions .
There are other lights besides those already taken notice of , in which the impropriety of restraints on the discretion of the national legislature will be equally manifest .
If it be confined to the latter it will have no precise signification , and it will be ineffectual for the purpose intended .
When armies are once raised what shall be denominated " keeping them up , " contrary to the sense of the Constitution ?
What time shall be requisite to ascertain the violation ?
Shall it be a week , a month , a year ?
Or shall we say they may be continued as long as the danger which occasioned their being raised continues ?
This would be to admit that they might be kept up IN TIME OF PEACE , against threatening or impending danger , which would be at once to deviate from the literal meaning of the prohibition , and to introduce an extensive latitude of construction .
Who shall judge of the continuance of the danger ?
It is easy to perceive that a discretion so latitudinary as this would afford ample room for eluding the force of the provision .
The supposed utility of a provision of this kind can only be founded on the supposed probability , or at least possibility , of a combination between the executive and the legislative , in some scheme of usurpation .
Should this at any time happen , how easy would it be to fabricate pretenses of approaching danger !
Indian hostilities , instigated by Spain or Britain , would always be at hand .
Provocations to produce the desired appearances might even be given to some foreign power , and appeased again by timely concessions .
As the ceremony of a formal denunciation of war has of late fallen into disuse , the presence of an enemy within our territories must be waited for , as the legal warrant to the government to begin its levies of men for the protection of the State .
We must receive the blow , before we could even prepare to return it .
All that kind of policy by which nations anticipate distant danger , and meet the gathering storm , must be abstained from , as contrary to the genuine maxims of a free government .
Here I expect we shall be told that the militia of the country is its natural bulwark , and would be at all times equal to the national defense .
This doctrine , in substance , had like to have lost us our independence .
It cost millions to the United States that might have been saved .
The facts which , from our own experience , forbid a reliance of this kind , are too recent to permit us to be the dupes of such a suggestion .
The steady operations of war against a regular and disciplined army can only be successfully conducted by a force of the same kind .
Considerations of economy , not less than of stability and vigor , confirm this position .
War , like most other things , is a science to be acquired and perfected by diligence , by perserverance , by time , and by practice .
All violent policy , as it is contrary to the natural and experienced course of human affairs , defeats itself .
Pennsylvania , at this instant , affords an example of the truth of this remark .
The Bill of Rights of that State declares that standing armies are dangerous to liberty , and ought not to be kept up in time of peace .
The conduct of Massachusetts affords a lesson on the same subject , though on different ground .
That State ( without waiting for the sanction of Congress , as the articles of the Confederation require ) was compelled to raise troops to quell a domestic insurrection , and still keeps a corps in pay to prevent a revival of the spirit of revolt .
It also teaches us , in its application to the United States , how little the rights of a feeble government are likely to be respected , even by its own constituents .
And it teaches us , in addition to the rest , how unequal parchment provisions are to a struggle with public necessity .
It was a fundamental maxim of the Lacedaemonian commonwealth , that the post of admiral should not be conferred twice on the same person .
The Peloponnesian confederates , having suffered a severe defeat at sea from the Athenians , demanded Lysander , who had before served with success in that capacity , to command the combined fleets .
The Lacedaemonians , to gratify their allies , and yet preserve the semblance of an adherence to their ancient institutions , had recourse to the flimsy subterfuge of investing Lysander with the real power of admiral , under the nominal title of vice-admiral .
This instance is selected from among a multitude that might be cited to confirm the truth already advanced and illustrated by domestic examples ; which is , that nations pay little regard to rules and maxims calculated in their very nature to run counter to the necessities of society .
The Idea of Restraining the Legislative Authority in Regard to the Common Defense Considered For the Independent Journal .
The idea of restraining the legislative authority , in the means of providing for the national defense , is one of those refinements which owe their origin to a zeal for liberty more ardent than enlightened .
As if the tone of government had been found too high , or too rigid , the doctrines they teach are calculated to induce us to depress or to relax it , by expedients which , upon other occasions , have been condemned or forborne .
It may be affirmed without the imputation of invective , that if the principles they inculcate , on various points , could so far obtain as to become the popular creed , they would utterly unfit the people of this country for any species of government whatever .
But a danger of this kind is not to be apprehended .
The citizens of America have too much discernment to be argued into anarchy .
And I am much mistaken , if experience has not wrought a deep and solemn conviction in the public mind , that greater energy of government is essential to the welfare and prosperity of the community .
It may not be amiss in this place concisely to remark the origin and progress of the idea , which aims at the exclusion of military establishments in time of peace .
In England , for a long time after the Norman Conquest , the authority of the monarch was almost unlimited .
Inroads were gradually made upon the prerogative , in favor of liberty , first by the barons , and afterwards by the people , till the greatest part of its most formidable pretensions became extinct .
But it was not till the revolution in 1688 , which elevated the Prince of Orange to the throne of Great Britain , that English liberty was completely triumphant .
As incident to the undefined power of making war , an acknowledged prerogative of the crown , Charles II. had , by his own authority , kept on foot in time of peace a body of 5,000 regular troops .
And this number James II. increased to 30,000 ; who were paid out of his civil list .
In that kingdom , when the pulse of liberty was at its highest pitch , no security against the danger of standing armies was thought requisite , beyond a prohibition of their being raised or kept up by the mere authority of the executive magistrate .
The patriots , who effected that memorable revolution , were too temperate , too wellinformed , to think of any restraint on the legislative discretion .
From the same source , the people of America may be said to have derived an hereditary impression of danger to liberty , from standing armies in time of peace .
The circumstances of a revolution quickened the public sensibility on every point connected with the security of popular rights , and in some instances raise the warmth of our zeal beyond the degree which consisted with the due temperature of the body politic .
The attempts of two of the States to restrict the authority of the legislature in the article of military establishments , are of the number of these instances .
The principles which had taught us to be jealous of the power of an hereditary monarch were by an injudicious excess extended to the representatives of the people in their popular assemblies .
Even in some of the States , where this error was not adopted , we find unnecessary declarations that standing armies ought not to be kept up , in time of peace , WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF THE LEGISLATURE .
I call them unnecessary , because the reason which had introduced a similar provision into the English Bill of Rights is not applicable to any of the State constitutions .
It is remarkable , that even in the two States which seem to have meditated an interdiction of military establishments in time of peace , the mode of expression made use of is rather cautionary than prohibitory .
It is not said , that standing armies SHALL NOT BE kept up , but that they OUGHT NOT to be kept up , in time of peace .
This ambiguity of terms appears to have been the result of a conflict between jealousy and conviction ; between the desire of excluding such establishments at all events , and the persuasion that an absolute exclusion would be unwise and unsafe .
Let the fact already mentioned , with respect to Pennsylvania , decide .
What then ( it may be asked ) is the use of such a provision , if it cease to operate the moment there is an inclination to disregard it ?
Let us examine whether there be any comparison , in point of efficacy , between the provision alluded to and that which is contained in the new Constitution , for restraining the appropriations of money for military purposes to the period of two years .
The former , by aiming at too much , is calculated to effect nothing ; the latter , by steering clear of an imprudent extreme , and by being perfectly compatible with a proper provision for the exigencies of the nation , will have a salutary and powerful operation .
They are not AT LIBERTY to vest in the executive department permanent funds for the support of an army , if they were even incautious enough to be willing to repose in it so improper a confidence .
As the spirit of party , in different degrees , must be expected to infect all political bodies , there will be , no doubt , persons in the national legislature willing enough to arraign the measures and criminate the views of the majority .
The provision for the support of a military force will always be a favorable topic for declamation .
Schemes to subvert the liberties of a great community REQUIRE TIME to mature them for execution .
An army , so large as seriously to menace those liberties , could only be formed by progressive augmentations ; which would suppose , not merely a temporary combination between the legislature and executive , but a continued conspiracy for a series of time .
Is it probable that such a combination would exist at all ?
Is it probable that it would be persevered in , and transmitted along through all the successive variations in a representative body , which biennial elections would naturally produce in both houses ?
Is it presumable , that every man , the instant he took his seat in the national Senate or House of Representatives , would commence a traitor to his constituents and to his country ?
Can it be supposed that there would not be found one man , discerning enough to detect so atrocious a conspiracy , or bold or honest enough to apprise his constituents of their danger ?
If such presumptions can fairly be made , there ought at once to be an end of all delegated authority .
The people should resolve to recall all the powers they have heretofore parted with out of their own hands , and to divide themselves into as many States as there are counties , in order that they may be able to manage their own concerns in person .
If such suppositions could even be reasonably made , still the concealment of the design , for any duration , would be impracticable .
It would be announced , by the very circumstance of augmenting the army to so great an extent in time of profound peace .
What colorable reason could be assigned , in a country so situated , for such vast augmentations of the military force ?
It is impossible that the people could be long deceived ; and the destruction of the project , and of the projectors , would quickly follow the discovery .
But the question again recurs , upon what pretense could he be put in possession of a force of that magnitude in time of peace ?
If we suppose it to have been created in consequence of some domestic insurrection or foreign war , then it becomes a case not within the principles of the objection ; for this is levelled against the power of keeping up troops in time of peace .
It cannot be provided against by any possible form of government ; it might even result from a simple league offensive and defensive , if it should ever be necessary for the confederates or allies to form an army for common defense .
But it is an evil infinitely less likely to attend us in a united than in a disunited state ; nay , it may be safely asserted that it is an evil altogether unlikely to attend us in the latter situation .
But in a state of disunion ( as has been fully shown in another place ) , the contrary of this supposition would become not only probable , but almost unavoidable .
The Same Subject Continued ( The Idea of Restraining the Legislative Authority in Regard to the Common Defense Considered ) From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , December 25 , 1787 .
To the People of the State of New York : IT HAS been urged , in different shapes , that a Constitution of the kind proposed by the convention cannot operate without the aid of a military force to execute its laws .
This , however , like most other things that have been alleged on that side , rests on mere general assertion , unsupported by any precise or intelligible designation of the reasons upon which it is founded .
As far as I have been able to divine the latent meaning of the objectors , it seems to originate in a presupposition that the people will be disinclined to the exercise of federal authority in any matter of an internal nature .
Waiving any exception that might be taken to the inaccuracy or inexplicitness of the distinction between internal and external , let us inquire what ground there is to presuppose that disinclination in the people .
Unless we presume at the same time that the powers of the general government will be worse administered than those of the State government , there seems to be no room for the presumption of ill-will , disaffection , or opposition in the people .
I believe it may be laid down as a general rule that their confidence in and obedience to a government will commonly be proportioned to the goodness or badness of its administration .
It must be admitted that there are exceptions to this rule ; but these exceptions depend so entirely on accidental causes , that they cannot be considered as having any relation to the intrinsic merits or demerits of a constitution .
These can only be judged of by general principles and maxims .
Several additional reasons of considerable force , to fortify that probability , will occur when we come to survey , with a more critical eye , the interior structure of the edifice which we are invited to erect .
The hope of impunity is a strong incitement to sedition ; the dread of punishment , a proportionably strong discouragement to it .
A turbulent faction in a State may easily suppose itself able to contend with the friends to the government in that State ; but it can hardly be so infatuated as to imagine itself a match for the combined efforts of the Union .
If this reflection be just , there is less danger of resistance from irregular combinations of individuals to the authority of the Confederacy than to that of a single member .
Man is very much a creature of habit .
A thing that rarely strikes his senses will generally have but little influence upon his mind .
A government continually at a distance and out of sight can hardly be expected to interest the sensations of the people .
The more it circulates through those channels and currents in which the passions of mankind naturally flow , the less will it require the aid of the violent and perilous expedients of compulsion .
The plan reported by the convention , by extending the authority of the federal head to the individual citizens of the several States , will enable the government to employ the ordinary magistracy of each , in the execution of its laws .
FNA1- @ 1 The sophistry which has been employed to show that this will tend to the destruction of the State governments , will , in its will , in its proper place , be fully detected .
The Same Subject Continued ( The Idea of Restraining the Legislative Authority in Regard to the Common Defense Considered ) For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : THAT there may happen cases in which the national government may be necessitated to resort to force , cannot be denied .
Should such emergencies at any time happen under the national government , there could be no remedy but force .
The means to be employed must be proportioned to the extent of the mischief .
If it should be a slight commotion in a small part of a State , the militia of the residue would be adequate to its suppression ; and the national presumption is that they would be ready to do their duty .
An insurrection , whatever may be its immediate cause , eventually endangers all government .
If , on the contrary , the insurrection should pervade a whole State , or a principal part of it , the employment of a different kind of force might become unavoidable .
It appears that Massachusetts found it necessary to raise troops for repressing the disorders within that State ; that Pennsylvania , from the mere apprehension of commotions among a part of her citizens , has thought proper to have recourse to the same measure .
Suppose the State of New York had been inclined to re-establish her lost jurisdiction over the inhabitants of Vermont , could she have hoped for success in such an enterprise from the efforts of the militia alone ?
Would she not have been compelled to raise and to maintain a more regular force for the execution of her design ?
Who would not prefer that possibility to the unceasing agitations and frequent revolutions which are the continual scourges of petty republics ?
Let us pursue this examination in another light .
Suppose , in lieu of one general system , two , or three , or even four Confederacies were to be formed , would not the same difficulty oppose itself to the operations of either of these Confederacies ?
Would not each of them be exposed to the same casualties ; and when these happened , be obliged to have recourse to the same expedients for upholding its authority which are objected to in a government for all the States ?
Would the militia , in this supposition , be more ready or more able to support the federal authority than in the case of a general union ?
In a single state , if the persons intrusted with supreme power become usurpers , the different parcels , subdivisions , or districts of which it consists , having no distinct government in each , can take no regular measures for defense .
The citizens must rush tumultuously to arms , without concert , without system , without resource ; except in their courage and despair .
The usurpers , clothed with the forms of legal authority , can too often crush the opposition in embryo .
The smaller the extent of the territory , the more difficult will it be for the people to form a regular or systematic plan of opposition , and the more easy will it be to defeat their early efforts .
Intelligence can be more speedily obtained of their preparations and movements , and the military force in the possession of the usurpers can be more rapidly directed against the part where the opposition has begun .
In this situation there must be a peculiar coincidence of circumstances to insure success to the popular resistance .
The obstacles to usurpation and the facilities of resistance increase with the increased extent of the state , provided the citizens understand their rights and are disposed to defend them .
The natural strength of the people in a large community , in proportion to the artificial strength of the government , is greater than in a small , and of course more competent to a struggle with the attempts of the government to establish a tyranny .
But in a confederacy the people , without exaggeration , may be said to be entirely the masters of their own fate .
Power being almost always the rival of power , the general government will at all times stand ready to check the usurpations of the state governments , and these will have the same disposition towards the general government .
The people , by throwing themselves into either scale , will infallibly make it preponderate .
If their rights are invaded by either , they can make use of the other as the instrument of redress .
How wise will it be in them by cherishing the union to preserve to themselves an advantage which can never be too highly prized !
It may safely be received as an axiom in our political system , that the State governments will , in all possible contingencies , afford complete security against invasions of the public liberty by the national authority .
Projects of usurpation cannot be masked under pretenses so likely to escape the penetration of select bodies of men , as of the people at large .
The legislatures will have better means of information .
They can discover the danger at a distance ; and possessing all the organs of civil power , and the confidence of the people , they can at once adopt a regular plan of opposition , in which they can combine all the resources of the community .
They can readily communicate with each other in the different States , and unite their common forces for the protection of their common liberty .
The great extent of the country is a further security .
We have already experienced its utility against the attacks of a foreign power .
And it would have precisely the same effect against the enterprises of ambitious rulers in the national councils .
If the federal army should be able to quell the resistance of one State , the distant States would have it in their power to make head with fresh forces .
The advantages obtained in one place must be abandoned to subdue the opposition in others ; and the moment the part which had been reduced to submission was left to itself , its efforts would be renewed , and its resistance revive .
We should recollect that the extent of the military force must , at all events , be regulated by the resources of the country .
For a long time to come , it will not be possible to maintain a large army ; and as the means of doing this increase , the population and natural strength of the community will proportionably increase .
The apprehension may be considered as a disease , for which there can be found no cure in the resources of argument and reasoning .
FNA1- @ 1 Its full efficacy will be examined hereafter .
Concerning the Militia From the Daily Advertiser .
Thursday , January 10 , 1788
It requires no skill in the science of war to discern that uniformity in the organization and discipline of the militia would be attended with the most beneficial effects , whenever they were called into service for the public defense .
This desirable uniformity can only be accomplished by confiding the regulation of the militia to the direction of the national authority .
Of the different grounds which have been taken in opposition to the plan of the convention , there is none that was so little to have been expected , or is so untenable in itself , as the one from which this particular provision has been attacked .
If a well-regulated militia be the most natural defense of a free country , it ought certainly to be under the regulation and at the disposal of that body which is constituted the guardian of the national security .
If standing armies are dangerous to liberty , an efficacious power over the militia , in the body to whose care the protection of the State is committed , ought , as far as possible , to take away the inducement and the pretext to such unfriendly institutions .
If the federal government can command the aid of the militia in those emergencies which call for the military arm in support of the civil magistrate , it can the better dispense with the employment of a different kind of force .
If it cannot avail itself of the former , it will be obliged to recur to the latter .
To render an army unnecessary , will be a more certain method of preventing its existence than a thousand prohibitions upon paper .
There is a striking incoherence in the objections which have appeared , and sometimes even from the same quarter , not much calculated to inspire a very favorable opinion of the sincerity or fair dealing of their authors .
The same persons who tell us in one breath , that the powers of the federal government will be despotic and unlimited , inform us in the next , that it has not authority sufficient even to call out the POSSE COMITATUS .
The latter , fortunately , is as much short of the truth as the former exceeds it .
What reason could there be to infer , that force was intended to be the sole instrument of authority , merely because there is a power to make use of it when necessary ?
What shall we think of the motives which could induce men of sense to reason in this manner ?
How shall we prevent a conflict between charity and judgment ?
By a curious refinement upon the spirit of republican jealousy , we are even taught to apprehend danger from the militia itself , in the hands of the federal government .
It is observed that select corps may be formed , composed of the young and ardent , who may be rendered subservient to the views of arbitrary power .
What plan for the regulation of the militia may be pursued by the national government , is impossible to be foreseen .
A tolerable expertness in military movements is a business that requires time and practice .
It is not a day , or even a week , that will suffice for the attainment of it .
It would form an annual deduction from the productive labor of the country , to an amount which , calculating upon the present numbers of the people , would not fall far short of the whole expense of the civil establishments of all the States .
To attempt a thing which would abridge the mass of labor and industry to so considerable an extent , would be unwise : and the experiment , if made , could not succeed , because it would not long be endured .
But though the scheme of disciplining the whole nation must be abandoned as mischievous or impracticable ; yet it is a matter of the utmost importance that a well-digested plan should , as soon as possible , be adopted for the proper establishment of the militia .
The attention of the government ought particularly to be directed to the formation of a select corps of moderate extent , upon such principles as will really fit them for service in case of need .
By thus circumscribing the plan , it will be possible to have an excellent body of well-trained militia , ready to take the field whenever the defense of the State shall require it .
This appears to me the only substitute that can be devised for a standing army , and the best possible security against it , if it should exist . "
Thus differently from the adversaries of the proposed Constitution should I reason on the same subject , deducing arguments of safety from the very sources which they represent as fraught with danger and perdition .
But how the national legislature may reason on the point , is a thing which neither they nor I can foresee .
Where in the name of common-sense , are our fears to end if we may not trust our sons , our brothers , our neighbors , our fellow-citizens ?
What shadow of danger can there be from men who are daily mingling with the rest of their countrymen and who participate with them in the same feelings , sentiments , habits and interests ?
What reasonable cause of apprehension can be inferred from a power in the Union to prescribe regulations for the militia , and to command its services when necessary , while the particular States are to have the SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE APPOINTMENT OF THE OFFICERS ?
If it were possible seriously to indulge a jealousy of the militia upon any conceivable establishment under the federal government , the circumstance of the officers being in the appointment of the States ought at once to extinguish it .
There can be no doubt that this circumstance will always secure to them a preponderating influence over the militia .
A sample of this is to be observed in the exaggerated and improbable suggestions which have taken place respecting the power of calling for the services of the militia .
That of New Hampshire is to be marched to Georgia , of Georgia to New Hampshire , of New York to Kentucky , and of Kentucky to Lake Champlain .
Nay , the debts due to the French and Dutch are to be paid in militiamen instead of louis d 'ors and ducats .
Do the persons who rave at this rate imagine that their art or their eloquence can impose any conceits or absurdities upon the people of America for infallible truths ?
If there should be an army to be made use of as the engine of despotism , what need of the militia ?
Is this the way in which usurpers stride to dominion over a numerous and enlightened nation ?
Do they begin by exciting the detestation of the very instruments of their intended usurpations ?
Do they usually commence their career by wanton and disgustful acts of power , calculated to answer no end , but to draw upon themselves universal hatred and execration ?
Are suppositions of this sort the sober admonitions of discerning patriots to a discerning people ?
Or are they the inflammatory ravings of incendiaries or distempered enthusiasts ?
If we were even to suppose the national rulers actuated by the most ungovernable ambition , it is impossible to believe that they would employ such preposterous means to accomplish their designs .
In times of insurrection , or invasion , it would be natural and proper that the militia of a neighboring State should be marched into another , to resist a common enemy , or to guard the republic against the violence of faction or sedition .
This was frequently the case , in respect to the first object , in the course of the late war ; and this mutual succor is , indeed , a principal end of our political association .
Concerning the General Power of Taxation From the New York Packet .
Friday , December 28 , 1787 .
But these are not the only objects to which the jurisdiction of the Union , in respect to revenue , must necessarily be empowered to extend .
It must embrace a provision for the support of the national civil list ; for the payment of the national debts contracted , or that may be contracted ; and , in general , for all those matters which will call for disbursements out of the national treasury .
The conclusion is , that there must be interwoven , in the frame of the government , a general power of taxation , in one shape or another .
Money is , with propriety , considered as the vital principle of the body politic ; as that which sustains its life and motion , and enables it to perform its most essential functions .
A complete power , therefore , to procure a regular and adequate supply of it , as far as the resources of the community will permit , may be regarded as an indispensable ingredient in every constitution .
In the Ottoman or Turkish empire , the sovereign , though in other respects absolute master of the lives and fortunes of his subjects , has no right to impose a new tax .
The consequence is that he permits the bashaws or governors of provinces to pillage the people without mercy ; and , in turn , squeezes out of them the sums of which he stands in need , to satisfy his own exigencies and those of the state .
In America , from a like cause , the government of the Union has gradually dwindled into a state of decay , approaching nearly to annihilation .
Who can doubt , that the happiness of the people in both countries would be promoted by competent authorities in the proper hands , to provide the revenues which the necessities of the public might require ?
The present Confederation , feeble as it is intended to repose in the United States , an unlimited power of providing for the pecuniary wants of the Union .
But proceeding upon an erroneous principle , it has been done in such a manner as entirely to have frustrated the intention .
These have no right to question the propriety of the demand ; no discretion beyond that of devising the ways and means of furnishing the sums demanded .
What the consequences of this system have been , is within the knowledge of every man the least conversant in our public affairs , and has been amply unfolded in different parts of these inquiries .
It is this which has chiefly contributed to reduce us to a situation , which affords ample cause both of mortification to ourselves , and of triumph to our enemies .
What remedy can there be for this situation , but in a change of the system which has produced it in a change of the fallacious and delusive system of quotas and requisitions ?
What substitute can there be imagined for this ignis fatuus in finance , but that of permitting the national government to raise its own revenues by the ordinary methods of taxation authorized in every well-ordered constitution of civil government ?
Ingenious men may declaim with plausibility on any subject ; but no human ingenuity can point out any other expedient to rescue us from the inconveniences and embarrassments naturally resulting from defective supplies of the public treasury .
The more intelligent adversaries of the new Constitution admit the force of this reasoning ; but they qualify their admission by a distinction between what they call INTERNAL and EXTERNAL taxation .
The former they would reserve to the State governments ; the latter , which they explain into commercial imposts , or rather duties on imported articles , they declare themselves willing to concede to the federal head .
Who can pretend that commercial imposts are , or would be , alone equal to the present and future exigencies of the Union ?
Its future necessities admit not of calculation or limitation ; and upon the principle , more than once adverted to , the power of making provision for them as they arise ought to be equally unconfined .
I believe it may be regarded as a position warranted by the history of mankind , that , IN THE USUAL PROGRESS OF THINGS , THE NECESSITIES OF A NATION , IN EVERY STAGE OF ITS EXISTENCE , WILL BE FOUND AT LEAST EQUAL TO ITS RESOURCES .
To say that deficiencies may be provided for by requisitions upon the States , is on the one hand to acknowledge that this system cannot be depended upon , and on the other hand to depend upon it for every thing beyond a certain limit .
Those who have carefully attended to its vices and deformities as they have been exhibited by experience or delineated in the course of these papers , must feel invincible repugnancy to trusting the national interests in any degree to its operation .
Its inevitable tendency , whenever it is brought into activity , must be to enfeeble the Union , and sow the seeds of discord and contention between the federal head and its members , and between the members themselves .
Can it be expected that the deficiencies would be better supplied in this mode than the total wants of the Union have heretofore been supplied in the same mode ?
It ought to be recollected that if less will be required from the States , they will have proportionably less means to answer the demand .
How is it possible that a government half supplied and always necessitous , can fulfill the purposes of its institution , can provide for the security , advance the prosperity , or support the reputation of the commonwealth ?
How can it ever possess either energy or stability , dignity or credit , confidence at home or respectability abroad ?
How can its administration be any thing else than a succession of expedients temporizing , impotent , disgraceful ?
How will it be able to avoid a frequent sacrifice of its engagements to immediate necessity ?
How can it undertake or execute any liberal or enlarged plans of public good ?
Let us attend to what would be the effects of this situation in the very first war in which we should happen to be engaged .
We will presume , for argument 's sake , that the revenue arising from the impost duties answers the purposes of a provision for the public debt and of a peace establishment for the Union .
Thus circumstanced , a war breaks out .
What would be the probable conduct of the government in such an emergency ?
It is not easy to see how a step of this kind could be avoided ; and if it should be taken , it is evident that it would prove the destruction of public credit at the very moment that it was becoming essential to the public safety .
To imagine that at such a crisis credit might be dispensed with , would be the extreme of infatuation .
In the modern system of war , nations the most wealthy are obliged to have recourse to large loans .
A country so little opulent as ours must feel this necessity in a much stronger degree .
But who would lend to a government that prefaced its overtures for borrowing by an act which demonstrated that no reliance could be placed on the steadiness of its measures for paying ?
The loans it might be able to procure would be as limited in their extent as burdensome in their conditions .
They would be made upon the same principles that usurers commonly lend to bankrupt and fraudulent debtors , with a sparing hand and at enormous premiums .
It may perhaps be imagined that , from the scantiness of the resources of the country , the necessity of diverting the established funds in the case supposed would exist , though the national government should possess an unrestrained power of taxation .
The power of creating new funds upon new objects of taxation , by its own authority , would enable the national government to borrow as far as its necessities might require .
Such men must behold the actual situation of their country with painful solicitude , and deprecate the evils which ambition or revenge might , with too much facility , inflict upon it .
The Same Subject Continued ( Concerning the General Power of Taxation ) From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , January 1 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : IN DISQUISITIONS of every kind , there are certain primary truths , or first principles , upon which all subsequent reasonings must depend .
These contain an internal evidence which , antecedent to all reflection or combination , commands the assent of the mind .
Where it produces not this effect , it must proceed either from some defect or disorder in the organs of perception , or from the influence of some strong interest , or passion , or prejudice .
Of this nature are the maxims in geometry , that " the whole is greater than its part ; things equal to the same are equal to one another ; two straight lines cannot enclose a space ; and all right angles are equal to each other . "
But in the sciences of morals and politics , men are found far less tractable .
To a certain degree , it is right and useful that this should be the case .
Caution and investigation are a necessary armor against error and imposition .
But this untractableness may be carried too far , and may degenerate into obstinacy , perverseness , or disingenuity .
The obscurity is much oftener in the passions and prejudices of the reasoner than in the subject .
Men , upon too many occasions , do not give their own understandings fair play ; but , yielding to some untoward bias , they entangle themselves in words and confound themselves in subtleties .
Though these positions have been elsewhere fully stated , they will perhaps not be improperly recapitulated in this place , as introductory to an examination of what may have been offered by way of objection to them .
As revenue is the essential engine by which the means of answering the national exigencies must be procured , the power of procuring that article in its full extent must necessarily be comprehended in that of providing for those exigencies .
As theory and practice conspire to prove that the power of procuring revenue is unavailing when exercised over the States in their collective capacities , the federal government must of necessity be invested with an unqualified power of taxation in the ordinary modes .
Did not experience evince the contrary , it would be natural to conclude that the propriety of a general power of taxation in the national government might safely be permitted to rest on the evidence of these propositions , unassisted by any additional arguments or illustrations .
But we find , in fact , that the antagonists of the proposed Constitution , so far from acquiescing in their justness or truth , seem to make their principal and most zealous effort against this part of the plan .
It may therefore be satisfactory to analyze the arguments with which they combat it .
Those of them which have been most labored with that view , seem in substance to amount to this : " It is not true , because the exigencies of the Union may not be susceptible of limitation , that its power of laying taxes ought to be unconfined .
Revenue is as requisite to the purposes of the local administrations as to those of the Union ; and the former are at least of equal importance with the latter to the happiness of the people .
It is , therefore , as necessary that the State governments should be able to command the means of supplying their wants , as that the national government should possess the like faculty in respect to the wants of the Union .
But an indefinite power of taxation in the LATTER might , and probably would in time , deprive the FORMER of the means of providing for their own necessities ; and would subject them entirely to the mercy of the national legislature .
It might allege a necessity of doing this in order to give efficacy to the national revenues .
And thus all the resources of taxation might by degrees become the subjects of federal monopoly , to the entire exclusion and destruction of the State governments . "
This mode of reasoning appears sometimes to turn upon the supposition of usurpation in the national government ; at other times it seems to be designed only as a deduction from the constitutional operation of its intended powers .
It is only in the latter light that it can be admitted to have any pretensions to fairness .
The moment we launch into conjectures about the usurpations of the federal government , we get into an unfathomable abyss , and fairly put ourselves out of the reach of all reasoning .
Imagination may range at pleasure till it gets bewildered amidst the labyrinths of an enchanted castle , and knows not on which side to turn to extricate itself from the perplexities into which it has so rashly adventured .
Whatever may be the limits or modifications of the powers of the Union , it is easy to imagine an endless train of possible dangers ; and by indulging an excess of jealousy and timidity , we may bring ourselves to a state of absolute scepticism and irresolution .
I repeat here what I have observed in substance in another place , that all observations founded upon the danger of usurpation ought to be referred to the composition and structure of the government , not to the nature or extent of its powers .
The State governments , by their original constitutions , are invested with complete sovereignty .
In what does our security consist against usurpation from that quarter ?
Doubtless in the manner of their formation , and in a due dependence of those who are to administer them upon the people .
If the proposed construction of the federal government be found , upon an impartial examination of it , to be such as to afford , to a proper extent , the same species of security , all apprehensions on the score of usurpation ought to be discarded .
It should not be forgotten that a disposition in the State governments to encroach upon the rights of the Union is quite as probable as a disposition in the Union to encroach upon the rights of the State governments .
What side would be likely to prevail in such a conflict , must depend on the means which the contending parties could employ toward insuring success .
Upon this ground , which is evidently the true one , it will not be difficult to obviate the objections which have been made to an indefinite power of taxation in the United States .
The Same Subject Continued ( Concerning the General Power of Taxation ) From the Daily Advertiser .
Thursday , January 3 , 1788 .
An entire consolidation of the States into one complete national sovereignty would imply an entire subordination of the parts ; and whatever powers might remain in them , would be altogether dependent on the general will .
But as the plan of the convention aims only at a partial union or consolidation , the State governments would clearly retain all the rights of sovereignty which they before had , and which were not , by that act , EXCLUSIVELY delegated to the United States .
This answers to the first case .
This answers to the second case .
The third will be found in that clause which declares that Congress shall have power " to establish an UNIFORM RULE of naturalization throughout the United States . "
This must necessarily be exclusive ; because if each State had power to prescribe a DISTINCT RULE , there could not be a UNIFORM RULE .
A case which may perhaps be thought to resemble the latter , but which is in fact widely different , affects the question immediately under consideration .
I mean the power of imposing taxes on all articles other than exports and imports .
This , I contend , is manifestly a concurrent and coequal authority in the United States and in the individual States .
There is plainly no expression in the granting clause which makes that power EXCLUSIVE in the Union .
There is no independent clause or sentence which prohibits the States from exercising it .
So far is this from being the case , that a plain and conclusive argument to the contrary is to be deduced from the restraint laid upon the States in relation to duties on imports and exports .
This restriction implies an admission that , if it were not inserted , the States would possess the power it excludes ; and it implies a further admission , that as to all other taxes , the authority of the States remains undiminished .
It would be mere sophistry to argue that it was meant to exclude them ABSOLUTELY from the imposition of taxes of the former kind , and to leave them at liberty to lay others SUBJECT TO THE CONTROL of the national legislature .
If this was the intention , why not leave it , in the first instance , to what is alleged to be the natural operation of the original clause , conferring a general power of taxation upon the Union ?
It is evident that this could not have been the intention , and that it will not bear a construction of the kind .
As to a supposition of repugnancy between the power of taxation in the States and in the Union , it cannot be supported in that sense which would be requisite to work an exclusion of the States .
The quantity of the imposition , the expediency or inexpediency of an increase on either side , would be mutually questions of prudence ; but there would be involved no direct contradiction of power .
The particular policy of the national and of the State systems of finance might now and then not exactly coincide , and might require reciprocal forbearances .
It is not , however a mere possibility of inconvenience in the exercise of powers , but an immediate constitutional repugnancy that can by implication alienate and extinguish a pre-existing right of sovereignty .
The tenth section of the first article consists altogether of such provisions .
This circumstance is a clear indication of the sense of the convention , and furnishes a rule of interpretation out of the body of the act , which justifies the position I have advanced and refutes every hypothesis to the contrary .
The Same Subject Continued ( Concerning the General Power of Taxation ) From the Daily Advertiser .
January 3 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : THE residue of the argument against the provisions of the Constitution in respect to taxation is ingrafted upon the following clause .
These two clauses have been the source of much virulent invective and petulant declamation against the proposed Constitution .
They are only declaratory of a truth which would have resulted by necessary and unavoidable implication from the very act of constituting a federal government , and vesting it with certain specified powers .
This is so clear a proposition , that moderation itself can scarcely listen to the railings which have been so copiously vented against this part of the plan , without emotions that disturb its equanimity .
What is a power , but the ability or faculty of doing a thing ?
What is the ability to do a thing , but the power of employing the MEANS necessary to its execution ?
What is a LEGISLATIVE power , but a power of making LAWS ?
What are the MEANS to execute a LEGISLATIVE power but LAWS ?
What is the power of laying and collecting taxes , but a LEGISLATIVE POWER , or a power of MAKING LAWS , to lay and collect taxes ?
What are the proper means of executing such a power , but NECESSARY and PROPER laws ?
This simple train of inquiry furnishes us at once with a test by which to judge of the true nature of the clause complained of .
I have applied these observations thus particularly to the power of taxation , because it is the immediate subject under consideration , and because it is the most important of the authorities proposed to be conferred upon the Union .
But the same process will lead to the same result , in relation to all other powers declared in the Constitution .
And it is EXPRESSLY to execute these powers that the sweeping clause , as it has been affectedly called , authorizes the national legislature to pass all NECESSARY and PROPER laws .
If there is any thing exceptionable , it must be sought for in the specific powers upon which this general declaration is predicated .
The declaration itself , though it may be chargeable with tautology or redundancy , is at least perfectly harmless .
But SUSPICION may ask , Why then was it introduced ?
The answer is , that it could only have been done for greater caution , and to guard against all cavilling refinements in those who might hereafter feel a disposition to curtail and evade the legitimate authorities of the Union .
But it may be again asked , Who is to judge of the NECESSITY and PROPRIETY of the laws to be passed for executing the powers of the Union ?
The propriety of a law , in a constitutional light , must always be determined by the nature of the powers upon which it is founded .
But it is said that the laws of the Union are to be the SUPREME LAW of the land .
But what inference can be drawn from this , or what would they amount to , if they were not to be supreme ?
It is evident they would amount to nothing .
A LAW , by the very meaning of the term , includes supremacy .
It is a rule which those to whom it is prescribed are bound to observe .
This results from every political association .
If individuals enter into a state of society , the laws of that society must be the supreme regulator of their conduct .
If a number of political societies enter into a larger political society , the laws which the latter may enact , pursuant to the powers intrusted to it by its constitution , must necessarily be supreme over those societies , and the individuals of whom they are composed .
It would otherwise be a mere treaty , dependent on the good faith of the parties , and not a government , which is only another word for POLITICAL POWER AND SUPREMACY .
But it will not follow from this doctrine that acts of the large society which are NOT PURSUANT to its constitutional powers , but which are invasions of the residuary authorities of the smaller societies , will become the supreme law of the land .
These will be merely acts of usurpation , and will deserve to be treated as such .
Hence we perceive that the clause which declares the supremacy of the laws of the Union , like the one we have just before considered , only declares a truth , which flows immediately and necessarily from the institution of a federal government .
It is to be hoped and presumed , however , that mutual interest would dictate a concert in this respect which would avoid any material inconvenience .
It will be shown in the next paper that this CONCURRENT JURISDICTION in the article of taxation was the only admissible substitute for an entire subordination , in respect to this branch of power , of the State authority to that of the Union .
The Same Subject Continued ( Concerning the General Power of Taxation ) From the New York Packet .
Friday , January 4 , 1788 .
That the field is sufficiently wide will more fully appear when we come to advert to the inconsiderable share of the public expenses for which it will fall to the lot of the State governments to provide .
To argue upon abstract principles that this co-ordinate authority cannot exist , is to set up supposition and theory against fact and reality .
However proper such reasonings might be to show that a thing OUGHT NOT TO EXIST , they are wholly to be rejected when they are made use of to prove that it does not exist contrary to the evidence of the fact itself .
Many arguments might have been adduced to prove the unfitness of two such seemingly contradictory authorities , each having power to ANNUL or REPEAL the acts of the other .
But a man would have been regarded as frantic who should have attempted at Rome to disprove their existence .
It will be readily understood that I allude to the COMITIA CENTURIATA and the COMITIA TRIBUTA .
The former , in which the people voted by centuries , was so arranged as to give a superiority to the patrician interest ; in the latter , in which numbers prevailed , the plebian interest had an entire predominancy .
And yet these two legislatures coexisted for ages , and the Roman republic attained to the utmost height of human greatness .
In the case particularly under consideration , there is no such contradiction as appears in the example cited ; there is no power on either side to annul the acts of the other .
To form a more precise judgment of the true merits of this question , it will be well to advert to the proportion between the objects that will require a federal provision in respect to revenue , and those which will require a State provision .
We shall discover that the former are altogether unlimited , and that the latter are circumscribed within very moderate bounds .
In pursuing this inquiry , we must bear in mind that we are not to confine our view to the present period , but to look forward to remote futurity .
Constitutions of civil government are not to be framed upon a calculation of existing exigencies , but upon a combination of these with the probable exigencies of ages , according to the natural and tried course of human affairs .
Nothing , therefore , can be more fallacious than to infer the extent of any power , proper to be lodged in the national government , from an estimate of its immediate necessities .
There ought to be a CAPACITY to provide for future contingencies as they may happen ; and as these are illimitable in their nature , it is impossible safely to limit that capacity .
If , on the contrary , we ought to exceed this point , where can we stop , short of an indefinite power of providing for emergencies as they may arise ?
The support of a navy and of naval wars would involve contingencies that must baffle all the efforts of political arithmetic .
Admitting that we ought to try the novel and absurd experiment in politics of tying up the hands of government from offensive war founded upon reasons of state , yet certainly we ought not to disable it from guarding the community against the ambition or enmity of other nations .
A cloud has been for some time hanging over the European world .
If it should break forth into a storm , who can insure us that in its progress a part of its fury would not be spent upon us ?
No reasonable man would hastily pronounce that we are entirely out of its reach .
Let us recollect that peace or war will not always be left to our option ; that however moderate or unambitious we may be , we cannot count upon the moderation , or hope to extinguish the ambition of others .
Who could have imagined at the conclusion of the last war that France and Britain , wearied and exhausted as they both were , would so soon have looked with so hostile an aspect upon each other ?
What are the chief sources of expense in every government ?
What has occasioned that enormous accumulation of debts with which several of the European nations are oppressed ?
The answers plainly is , wars and rebellions ; the support of those institutions which are necessary to guard the body politic against these two most mortal diseases of society .
If we balance a proper deduction from one side against that which it is supposed ought to be made from the other , the proportion may still be considered as holding good .
It is true that several of the States , separately , are encumbered with considerable debts , which are an excrescence of the late war .
In framing a government for posterity as well as ourselves , we ought , in those provisions which are designed to be permanent , to calculate , not on temporary , but on permanent causes of expense .
If this principle be a just one our attention would be directed to a provision in favor of the State governments for an annual sum of about two hundred thousand pounds ; while the exigencies of the Union could be susceptible of no limits , even in imagination .
In this view of the subject , by what logic can it be maintained that the local governments ought to command , in perpetuity , an EXCLUSIVE source of revenue for any sum beyond the extent of two hundred thousand pounds ?
Any separation of the objects of revenue that could have been fallen upon , would have amounted to a sacrifice of the great INTERESTS of the Union to the POWER of the individual States .
The convention thought the concurrent jurisdiction preferable to that subordination ; and it is evident that it has at least the merit of reconciling an indefinite constitutional power of taxation in the Federal government with an adequate and independent power in the States to provide for their own necessities .
There remain a few other lights , in which this important subject of taxation will claim a further consideration .
The Same Subject Continued ( Concerning the General Power of Taxation ) For the Independent Journal .
Two evils would spring from this source : the oppression of particular branches of industry ; and an unequal distribution of the taxes , as well among the several States as among the citizens of the same State .
But all extremes are pernicious in various ways .
I am apt to think that a division of the duty , between the seller and the buyer , more often happens than is commonly imagined .
It is not always possible to raise the price of a commodity in exact proportion to every additional imposition laid upon it .
The merchant , especially in a country of small commercial capital , is often under a necessity of keeping prices down in order to a more expeditious sale .
But it is not so generally true as to render it equitable , that those duties should form the only national fund .
When they are paid by the merchant they operate as an additional tax upon the importing State , whose citizens pay their proportion of them in the character of consumers .
In this view they are productive of inequality among the States ; which inequality would be increased with the increased extent of the duties .
The confinement of the national revenues to this species of imposts would be attended with inequality , from a different cause , between the manufacturing and the non-manufacturing States .
The States which can go farthest towards the supply of their own wants , by their own manufactures , will not , according to their numbers or wealth , consume so great a proportion of imported articles as those States which are not in the same favorable situation .
They would not , therefore , in this mode alone contribute to the public treasury in a ratio to their abilities .
To make them do this it is necessary that recourse be had to excises , the proper objects of which are particular kinds of manufactures .
New York is more deeply interested in these considerations than such of her citizens as contend for limiting the power of the Union to external taxation may be aware of .
New York is an importing State , and is not likely speedily to be , to any great extent , a manufacturing State .
She would , of course , suffer in a double light from restraining the jurisdiction of the Union to commercial imposts .
The first success would be apt to inspire false opinions , which it might require a long course of subsequent experience to correct .
Necessity , especially in politics , often occasions false hopes , false reasonings , and a system of measures correspondingly erroneous .
But even if this supposed excess should not be a consequence of the limitation of the federal power of taxation , the inequalities spoken of would still ensue , though not in the same degree , from the other causes that have been noticed .
Let us now return to the examination of objections .
This argument presents itself under a very specious and seducing form ; and is well calculated to lay hold of the prejudices of those to whom it is addressed .
But when we come to dissect it with attention , it will appear to be made up of nothing but fair-sounding words .
The object it seems to aim at is , in the first place , impracticable , and in the sense in which it is contended for , is unnecessary .
The idea of an actual representation of all classes of the people , by persons of each class , is altogether visionary .
Unless it were expressly provided in the Constitution , that each different occupation should send one or more members , the thing would never take place in practice .
Mechanics and manufacturers will always be inclined , with few exceptions , to give their votes to merchants , in preference to persons of their own professions or trades .
Those discerning citizens are well aware that the mechanic and manufacturing arts furnish the materials of mercantile enterprise and industry .
Many of them , indeed , are immediately connected with the operations of commerce .
They know that the merchant is their natural patron and friend ; and they are aware , that however great the confidence they may justly feel in their own good sense , their interests can be more effectually promoted by the merchant than by themselves .
These considerations , and many others that might be mentioned prove , and experience confirms it , that artisans and manufacturers will commonly be disposed to bestow their votes upon merchants and those whom they recommend .
We must therefore consider merchants as the natural representatives of all these classes of the community .
Nothing remains but the landed interest ; and this , in a political view , and particularly in relation to taxes , I take to be perfectly united , from the wealthiest landlord down to the poorest tenant .
No tax can be laid on land which will not affect the proprietor of millions of acres as well as the proprietor of a single acre .
Every landholder will therefore have a common interest to keep the taxes on land as low as possible ; and common interest may always be reckoned upon as the surest bond of sympathy .
But if we even could suppose a distinction of interest between the opulent landholder and the middling farmer , what reason is there to conclude , that the first would stand a better chance of being deputed to the national legislature than the last ?
It is said to be necessary , that all classes of citizens should have some of their own number in the representative body , in order that their feelings and interests may be the better understood and attended to .
But we have seen that this will never happen under any arrangement that leaves the votes of the people free .
Where this is the case , the representative body , with too few exceptions to have any influence on the spirit of the government , will be composed of landholders , merchants , and men of the learned professions .
But where is the danger that the interests and feelings of the different classes of citizens will not be understood or attended to by these three descriptions of men ?
Will not the landholder know and feel whatever will promote or insure the interest of landed property ?
And will he not , from his own interest in that species of property , be sufficiently prone to resist every attempt to prejudice or encumber it ?
Will not the merchant understand and be disposed to cultivate , as far as may be proper , the interests of the mechanic and manufacturing arts , to which his commerce is so nearly allied ?
This dependence , and the necessity of being bound himself , and his posterity , by the laws to which he gives his assent , are the true , and they are the strong chords of sympathy between the representative and the constituent .
There is no part of the administration of government that requires extensive information and a thorough knowledge of the principles of political economy , so much as the business of taxation .
The man who understands those principles best will be least likely to resort to oppressive expedients , or sacrifice any particular class of citizens to the procurement of revenue .
It might be demonstrated that the most productive system of finance will always be the least burdensome .
And this is all that can be reasonably meant by a knowledge of the interests and feelings of the people .
In any other sense the proposition has either no meaning , or an absurd one .
And in that sense let every considerate citizen judge for himself where the requisite qualification is most likely to be found .
The Same Subject Continued ( Concerning the General Power of Taxation ) From the New York Packet .
Tuesday January 8 , 1788 .
If it should be objected that we have seen other descriptions of men in the local legislatures , I answer that it is admitted there are exceptions to the rule , but not in sufficient number to influence the general complexion or character of the government .
There are strong minds in every walk of life that will rise superior to the disadvantages of situation , and will command the tribute due to their merit , not only from the classes to which they particularly belong , but from the society in general .
But I forbear to dwell any longer on a matter which has hitherto worn too loose a garb to admit even of an accurate inspection of its real shape or tendency .
There is another objection of a somewhat more precise nature that claims our attention .
The supposition of a want of proper knowledge seems to be entirely destitute of foundation .
If any question is depending in a State legislature respecting one of the counties , which demands a knowledge of local details , how is it acquired ?
No doubt from the information of the members of the county .
Cannot the like knowledge be obtained in the national legislature from the representatives of each State ?
And is it not to be presumed that the men who will generally be sent there will be possessed of the necessary degree of intelligence to be able to communicate that information ?
The taxes intended to be comprised under the general denomination of internal taxes may be subdivided into those of the DIRECT and those of the INDIRECT kind .
Though the objection be made to both , yet the reasoning upon it seems to be confined to the former branch .
And indeed , as to the latter , by which must be understood duties and excises on articles of consumption , one is at a loss to conceive what can be the nature of the difficulties apprehended .
The knowledge relating to them must evidently be of a kind that will either be suggested by the nature of the article itself , or can easily be procured from any well-informed man , especially of the mercantile class .
The circumstances that may distinguish its situation in one State from its situation in another must be few , simple , and easy to be comprehended .
The principal thing to be attended to , would be to avoid those articles which had been previously appropriated to the use of a particular State ; and there could be no difficulty in ascertaining the revenue system of each .
This could always be known from the respective codes of laws , as well as from the information of the members from the several States .
The objection , when applied to real property or to houses and lands , appears to have , at first sight , more foundation , but even in this view it will not bear a close examination .
Land taxes are co monly laid in one of two modes , either by ACTUAL valuations , permanent or periodical , or by OCCASIONAL assessments , at the discretion , or according to the best judgment , of certain officers whose duty it is to make them .
In either case , the EXECUTION of the business , which alone requires the knowledge of local details , must be devolved upon discreet persons in the character of commissioners or assessors , elected by the people or appointed by the government for the purpose .
All that the law can do must be to name the persons or to prescribe the manner of their election or appointment , to fix their numbers and qualifications and to draw the general outlines of their powers and duties .
And what is there in all this that cannot as well be performed by the national legislature as by a State legislature ?
The attention of either can only reach to general principles ; local details , as already observed , must be referred to those who are to execute the plan .
But there is a simple point of view in which this matter may be placed that must be altogether satisfactory .
The national legislature can make use of the SYSTEM OF EACH STATE WITHIN THAT STATE .
The method of laying and collecting this species of taxes in each State can , in all its parts , be adopted and employed by the federal government .
Let it be recollected that the proportion of these taxes is not to be left to the discretion of the national legislature , but is to be determined by the numbers of each State , as described in the second section of the first article .
An actual census or enumeration of the people must furnish the rule , a circumstance which effectually shuts the door to partiality or oppression .
The abuse of this power of taxation seems to have been provided against with guarded circumspection .
In addition to the precaution just mentioned , there is a provision that " all duties , imposts , and excises shall be UNIFORM throughout the United States . "
By way of answer to this , it has been triumphantly asked , Why not in the first instance omit that ambiguous power , and rely upon the latter resource ?
Two solid answers may be given .
The first is , that the exercise of that power , if convenient , will be preferable , because it will be more effectual ; and it is impossible to prove in theory , or otherwise than by the experiment , that it cannot be advantageously exercised .
The contrary , indeed , appears most probable .
The second answer is , that the existence of such a power in the Constitution will have a strong influence in giving efficacy to requisitions .
When the States know that the Union can apply itself without their agency , it will be a powerful motive for exertion on their part .
As to the interference of the revenue laws of the Union , and of its members , we have already seen that there can be no clashing or repugnancy of authority .
The laws cannot , therefore , in a legal sense , interfere with each other ; and it is far from impossible to avoid an interference even in the policy of their different systems .
An effectual expedient for this purpose will be , mutually , to abstain from those objects which either side may have first had recourse to .
As neither can CONTROL the other , each will have an obvious and sensible interest in this reciprocal forbearance .
And where there is an IMMEDIATE common interest , we may safely count upon its operation .
When the particular debts of the States are done away , and their expenses come to be limited within their natural compass , the possibility almost of interference will vanish .
A small land tax will answer the purpose of the States , and will be their most simple and most fit resource .
In other cases , the probability is that the United States will either wholly abstain from the objects preoccupied for local purposes , or will make use of the State officers and State regulations for collecting the additional imposition .
This will best answer the views of revenue , because it will save expense in the collection , and will best avoid any occasion of disgust to the State governments and to the people .
At all events , here is a practicable expedient for avoiding such an inconvenience ; and nothing more can be required than to show that evils predicted to not necessarily result from the plan .
As to any argument derived from a supposed system of influence , it is a sufficient answer to say that it ought not to be presumed ; but the supposition is susceptible of a more precise answer .
If such a spirit should infest the councils of the Union , the most certain road to the accomplishment of its aim would be to employ the State officers as much as possible , and to attach them to the Union by an accumulation of their emoluments .
This would serve to turn the tide of State influence into the channels of the national government , instead of making federal influence flow in an opposite and adverse current .
But all suppositions of this kind are invidious , and ought to be banished from the consideration of the great question before the people .
They can answer no other end than to cast a mist over the truth .
As to the suggestion of double taxation , the answer is plain .
The wants of the Union are to be supplied in one way or another ; if to be done by the authority of the federal government , it will not be to be done by that of the State government .
Happy it is when the interest which the government has in the preservation of its own power , coincides with a proper distribution of the public burdens , and tends to guard the least wealthy part of the community from oppression !
But does it follow because there is a power to lay them that they will actually be laid ?
Every State in the Union has power to impose taxes of this kind ; and yet in several of them they are unknown in practice .
Are the State governments to be stigmatized as tyrannies , because they possess this power ?
If they are not , with what propriety can the like power justify such a charge against the national government , or even be urged as an obstacle to its adoption ?
As little friendly as I am to the species of imposition , I still feel a thorough conviction that the power of having recourse to it ought to exist in the federal government .
There are certain emergencies of nations , in which expedients , that in the ordinary state of things ought to be forborne , become essential to the public weal .
And the government , from the possibility of such emergencies , ought ever to have the option of making use of them .
The real scarcity of objects in this country , which may be considered as productive sources of revenue , is a reason peculiar to itself , for not abridging the discretion of the national councils in this respect .
There may exist certain critical and tempestuous conjunctures of the State , in which a poll tax may become an inestimable resource .
I have passed over in silence those minor authorities , which are either too inconsiderable to have been thought worthy of the hostilities of the opponents of the Constitution , or of too manifest propriety to admit of controversy .
The mass of judiciary power , however , might have claimed an investigation under this head , had it not been for the consideration that its organization and its extent may be more advantageously considered in connection .
This has determined me to refer it to the branch of our inquiries upon which we shall next enter .
FNA1- @ 1 The New England States .
Concerning the Difficulties of the Convention in Devising a Proper Form of Government From the Daily Advertiser .
Friday , January 11 , 1788 .
That this remaining task may be executed under impressions conducive to a just and fair result , some reflections must in this place be indulged , which candor previously suggests .
In placing , however , these different characters on a level , with respect to the weight of their opinions , I wish not to insinuate that there may not be a material difference in the purity of their intentions .
The predetermined adversary , on the other hand , can have been governed by no venial motive whatever .
The intentions of the first may be upright , as they may on the contrary be culpable .
The views of the last cannot be upright , and must be culpable .
But the truth is , that these papers are not addressed to persons falling under either of these characters .
They solicit the attention of those only , who add to a sincere zeal for the happiness of their country , a temper favorable to a just estimate of the means of promoting it .
Persons of this character will proceed to an examination of the plan submitted by the convention , not only without a disposition to find or to magnify faults ; but will see the propriety of reflecting , that a faultless plan was not to be expected .
With equal readiness will it be perceived , that besides these inducements to candor , many allowances ought to be made for the difficulties inherent in the very nature of the undertaking referred to the convention .
The novelty of the undertaking immediately strikes us .
It has been shown in the course of these papers , that the existing Confederation is founded on principles which are fallacious ; that we must consequently change this first foundation , and with it the superstructure resting upon it .
Among the difficulties encountered by the convention , a very important one must have lain in combining the requisite stability and energy in government , with the inviolable attention due to liberty and to the republican form .
Energy in government is essential to that security against external and internal danger , and to that prompt and salutary execution of the laws which enter into the very definition of good government .
Stability in government is essential to national character and to the advantages annexed to it , as well as to that repose and confidence in the minds of the people , which are among the chief blessings of civil society .
On comparing , however , these valuable ingredients with the vital principles of liberty , we must perceive at once the difficulty of mingling them together in their due proportions .
Stability , on the contrary , requires that the hands in which power is lodged should continue for a length of time the same .
A frequent change of men will result from a frequent return of elections ; and a frequent change of measures from a frequent change of men : whilst energy in government requires not only a certain duration of power , but the execution of it by a single hand .
How far the convention may have succeeded in this part of their work , will better appear on a more accurate view of it .
From the cursory view here taken , it must clearly appear to have been an arduous part .
Not less arduous must have been the task of marking the proper line of partition between the authority of the general and that of the State governments .
Every man will be sensible of this difficulty , in proportion as he has been accustomed to contemplate and discriminate objects extensive and complicated in their nature .
The faculties of the mind itself have never yet been distinguished and defined , with satisfactory precision , by all the efforts of the most acute and metaphysical philosophers .
Sense , perception , judgment , desire , volition , memory , imagination , are found to be separated by such delicate shades and minute gradations that their boundaries have eluded the most subtle investigations , and remain a pregnant source of ingenious disquisition and controversy .
The boundaries between the great kingdom of nature , and , still more , between the various provinces , and lesser portions , into which they are subdivided , afford another illustration of the same important truth .
The most sagacious and laborious naturalists have never yet succeeded in tracing with certainty the line which separates the district of vegetable life from the neighboring region of unorganized matter , or which marks the termination of the former and the commencement of the animal empire .
A still greater obscurity lies in the distinctive characters by which the objects in each of these great departments of nature have been arranged and assorted .
Experience has instructed us that no skill in the science of government has yet been able to discriminate and define , with sufficient certainty , its three great provinces the legislative , executive , and judiciary ; or even the privileges and powers of the different legislative branches .
Questions daily occur in the course of practice , which prove the obscurity which reins in these subjects , and which puzzle the greatest adepts in political science .
The experience of ages , with the continued and combined labors of the most enlightened legislatures and jurists , has been equally unsuccessful in delineating the several objects and limits of different codes of laws and different tribunals of justice .
The jurisdiction of her several courts , general and local , of law , of equity , of admiralty , etc . , is not less a source of frequent and intricate discussions , sufficiently denoting the indeterminate limits by which they are respectively circumscribed .
All new laws , though penned with the greatest technical skill , and passed on the fullest and most mature deliberation , are considered as more or less obscure and equivocal , until their meaning be liquidated and ascertained by a series of particular discussions and adjudications .
Besides the obscurity arising from the complexity of objects , and the imperfection of the human faculties , the medium through which the conceptions of men are conveyed to each other adds a fresh embarrassment .
The use of words is to express ideas .
Perspicuity , therefore , requires not only that the ideas should be distinctly formed , but that they should be expressed by words distinctly and exclusively appropriate to them .
But no language is so copious as to supply words and phrases for every complex idea , or so correct as not to include many equivocally denoting different ideas .
Hence it must happen that however accurately objects may be discriminated in themselves , and however accurately the discrimination may be considered , the definition of them may be rendered inaccurate by the inaccuracy of the terms in which it is delivered .
And this unavoidable inaccuracy must be greater or less , according to the complexity and novelty of the objects defined .
When the Almighty himself condescends to address mankind in their own language , his meaning , luminous as it must be , is rendered dim and doubtful by the cloudy medium through which it is communicated .
Here , then , are three sources of vague and incorrect definitions : indistinctness of the object , imperfection of the organ of conception , inadequateness of the vehicle of ideas .
Any one of these must produce a certain degree of obscurity .
The convention , in delineating the boundary between the federal and State jurisdictions , must have experienced the full effect of them all .
To the difficulties already mentioned may be added the interfering pretensions of the larger and smaller States .
We cannot err in supposing that the former would contend for a participation in the government , fully proportioned to their superior wealth and importance ; and that the latter would not be less tenacious of the equality at present enjoyed by them .
We may well suppose that neither side would entirely yield to the other , and consequently that the struggle could be terminated only by compromise .
There are features in the Constitution which warrant each of these suppositions ; and as far as either of them is well founded , it shows that the convention must have been compelled to sacrifice theoretical propriety to the force of extraneous considerations .
Nor could it have been the large and small States only , which would marshal themselves in opposition to each other on various points .
Other combinations , resulting from a difference of local position and policy , must have created additional difficulties .
The real wonder is that so many difficulties should have been surmounted , and surmounted with a unanimity almost as unprecedented as it must have been unexpected .
It is impossible for any man of candor to reflect on this circumstance without partaking of the astonishment .
It is impossible for the man of pious reflection not to perceive in it a finger of that Almighty hand which has been so frequently and signally extended to our relief in the critical stages of the revolution .
We had occasion , in a former paper , to take notice of the repeated trials which have been unsuccessfully made in the United Netherlands for reforming the baneful and notorious vices of their constitution .
If , in a few scattered instances , a brighter aspect is presented , they serve only as exceptions to admonish us of the general truth ; and by their lustre to darken the gloom of the adverse prospect to which they are contrasted .
In revolving the causes from which these exceptions result , and applying them to the particular instances before us , we are necessarily led to two important conclusions .
The first is , that the convention must have enjoyed , in a very singular degree , an exemption from the pestilential influence of party animosities the disease most incident to deliberative bodies , and most apt to contaminate their proceedings .
The Same Subject Continued , and the Incoherence of the Objections to the New Plan Exposed From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , January 15 , 1788 .
Minos , we learn , was the primitive founder of the government of Crete , as Zaleucus was of that of the Locrians .
Theseus first , and after him Draco and Solon , instituted the government of Athens .
Lycurgus was the lawgiver of Sparta .
The foundation of the original government of Rome was laid by Romulus , and the work completed by two of his elective successors , Numa and Tullius Hostilius .
This remark is applicable to confederate governments also .
Amphictyon , we are told , was the author of that which bore his name .
The Achaean league received its first birth from Achaeus , and its second from Aratus .
What degree of agency these reputed lawgivers might have in their respective establishments , or how far they might be clothed with the legitimate authority of the people , cannot in every instance be ascertained .
In some , however , the proceeding was strictly regular .
Draco appears to have been intrusted by the people of Athens with indefinite powers to reform its government and laws .
And Solon , according to Plutarch , was in a manner compelled , by the universal suffrage of his fellow-citizens , to take upon him the sole and absolute power of new-modeling the constitution .
Whence could it have proceeded , that a people , jealous as the Greeks were of their liberty , should so far abandon the rules of caution as to place their destiny in the hands of a single citizen ?
These questions cannot be fully answered , without supposing that the fears of discord and disunion among a number of counsellors exceeded the apprehension of treachery or incapacity in a single individual .
History informs us , likewise , of the difficulties with which these celebrated reformers had to contend , as well as the expedients which they were obliged to employ in order to carry their reforms into effect .
Solon , who seems to have indulged a more temporizing policy , confessed that he had not given to his countrymen the government best suited to their happiness , but most tolerable to their prejudices .
And Lycurgus , more true to his object , was under the necessity of mixing a portion of violence with the authority of superstition , and of securing his final success by a voluntary renunciation , first of his country , and then of his life .
This conjecture is rendered probable , not only by many considerations of a general nature , but by the particular case of the Articles of Confederation .
It is observable that among the numerous objections and amendments suggested by the several States , when these articles were submitted for their ratification , not one is found which alludes to the great and radical error which on actual trial has discovered itself .
And if we except the observations which New Jersey was led to make , rather by her local situation , than by her peculiar foresight , it may be questioned whether a single suggestion was of sufficient moment to justify a revision of the system .
One State , we may remember , persisted for several years in refusing her concurrence , although the enemy remained the whole period at our gates , or rather in the very bowels of our country .
Nor was her pliancy in the end effected by a less motive , than the fear of being chargeable with protracting the public calamities , and endangering the event of the contest .
Every candid reader will make the proper reflections on these important facts .
They are equally unanimous in prescribing the remedy , by which this happy effect is to be produced .
Might not the patient reasonably demand , before he ventured to follow this advice , that the authors of it should at least agree among themselves on some other remedy to be substituted ?
Such a patient and in such a situation is America at this moment .
She has been sensible of her malady .
She has obtained a regular and unanimous advice from men of her own deliberate choice .
And she is warned by others against following this advice under pain of the most fatal consequences .
Do the monitors deny the reality of her danger ?
Do they deny the necessity of some speedy and powerful remedy ?
Are they agreed , are any two of them agreed , in their objections to the remedy proposed , or in the proper one to be substituted ?
Let them speak for themselves .
This one tells us that the proposed Constitution ought to be rejected , because it is not a confederation of the States , but a government over individuals .
Another admits that it ought to be a government over individuals to a certain extent , but by no means to the extent proposed .
A third does not object to the government over individuals , or to the extent proposed , but to the want of a bill of rights .
A fourth concurs in the absolute necessity of a bill of rights , but contends that it ought to be declaratory , not of the personal rights of individuals , but of the rights reserved to the States in their political capacity .
A fifth is of opinion that a bill of rights of any sort would be superfluous and misplaced , and that the plan would be unexceptionable but for the fatal power of regulating the times and places of election .
An objector in a large State exclaims loudly against the unreasonable equality of representation in the Senate .
An objector in a small State is equally loud against the dangerous inequality in the House of Representatives .
From this quarter , we are alarmed with the amazing expense , from the number of persons who are to administer the new government .
From another quarter , and sometimes from the same quarter , on another occasion , the cry is that the Congress will be but a shadow of a representation , and that the government would be far less objectionable if the number and the expense were doubled .
A patriot in a State that does not import or export , discerns insuperable objections against the power of direct taxation .
The patriotic adversary in a State of great exports and imports , is not less dissatisfied that the whole burden of taxes may be thrown on consumption .
This politician discovers in the Constitution a direct and irresistible tendency to monarchy ; that is equally sure it will end in aristocracy .
With another class of adversaries to the Constitution the language is that the legislative , executive , and judiciary departments are intermixed in such a manner as to contradict all the ideas of regular government and all the requisite precautions in favor of liberty .
Whilst this objection circulates in vague and general expressions , there are but a few who lend their sanction to it .
Let each one come forward with his particular explanation , and scarce any two are exactly agreed upon the subject .
In the eyes of one the junction of the Senate with the President in the responsible function of appointing to offices , instead of vesting this executive power in the Executive alone , is the vicious part of the organization .
To another , the exclusion of the House of Representatives , whose numbers alone could be a due security against corruption and partiality in the exercise of such a power , is equally obnoxious .
With another , the admission of the President into any share of a power which ever must be a dangerous engine in the hands of the executive magistrate , is an unpardonable violation of the maxims of republican jealousy .
No part of the arrangement , according to some , is more inadmissible than the trial of impeachments by the Senate , which is alternately a member both of the legislative and executive departments , when this power so evidently belonged to the judiciary department . "
We concur fully , " reply others , " in the objection to this part of the plan , but we can never agree that a reference of impeachments to the judiciary authority would be an amendment of the error .
Our principal dislike to the organization arises from the extensive powers already lodged in that department . "
Even among the zealous patrons of a council of state the most irreconcilable variance is discovered concerning the mode in which it ought to be constituted .
The demand of one gentleman is , that the council should consist of a small number to be appointed by the most numerous branch of the legislature .
Another would prefer a larger number , and considers it as a fundamental condition that the appointment should be made by the President himself .
It is a matter both of wonder and regret , that those who raise so many objections against the new Constitution should never call to mind the defects of that which is to be exchanged for it .
It is not necessary that the former should be perfect ; it is sufficient that the latter is more imperfect .
No man would refuse to give brass for silver or gold , because the latter had some alloy in it .
But waiving illustrations of this sort , is it not manifest that most of the capital objections urged against the new system lie with tenfold weight against the existing Confederation ?
Is an indefinite power to raise money dangerous in the hands of the federal government ?
Is an indefinite power to raise troops dangerous ?
The Confederation gives to Congress that power also ; and they have already begun to make use of it .
Is it improper and unsafe to intermix the different powers of government in the same body of men ?
Congress , a single body of men , are the sole depositary of all the federal powers .
Is it particularly dangerous to give the keys of the treasury , and the command of the army , into the same hands ?
The Confederation places them both in the hands of Congress .
Is a bill of rights essential to liberty ?
The Confederation has no bill of rights .
Is it an objection against the new Constitution , that it empowers the Senate , with the concurrence of the Executive , to make treaties which are to be the laws of the land ?
The existing Congress , without any such control , can make treaties which they themselves have declared , and most of the States have recognized , to be the supreme law of the land .
Is the importation of slaves permitted by the new Constitution for twenty years ?
By the old it is permitted forever .
But this is not all .
Out of this lifeless mass has already grown an excrescent power , which tends to realize all the dangers that can be apprehended from a defective construction of the supreme government of the Union .
A very large proportion of this fund has been already surrendered by individual States ; and it may with reason be expected that the remaining States will not persist in withholding similar proofs of their equity and generosity .
We may calculate , therefore , that a rich and fertile country , of an area equal to the inhabited extent of the United States , will soon become a national stock .
Congress have assumed the administration of this stock .
They have begun to render it productive .
Congress have undertaken to do more : they have proceeded to form new States , to erect temporary governments , to appoint officers for them , and to prescribe the conditions on which such States shall be admitted into the Confederacy .
All this has been done ; and done without the least color of constitutional authority .
Yet no blame has been whispered ; no alarm has been sounded .
A GREAT and INDEPENDENT fund of revenue is passing into the hands of a SINGLE BODY of men , who can RAISE TROOPS to an INDEFINITE NUMBER , and appropriate money to their support for an INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME .
And yet there are men , who have not only been silent spectators of this prospect , but who are advocates for the system which exhibits it ; and , at the same time , urge against the new system the objections which we have heard .
I mean not , by any thing here said , to throw censure on the measures which have been pursued by Congress .
I am sensible they could not have done otherwise .
The public interest , the necessity of the case , imposed upon them the task of overleaping their constitutional limits .
But is not the fact an alarming proof of the danger resulting from a government which does not possess regular powers commensurate to its objects ?
A dissolution or usurpation is the dreadful dilemma to which it is continually exposed .
The Conformity of the Plan to Republican Principles For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : THE last paper having concluded the observations which were meant to introduce a candid survey of the plan of government reported by the convention , we now proceed to the execution of that part of our undertaking .
The first question that offers itself is , whether the general form and aspect of the government be strictly republican .
If the plan of the convention , therefore , be found to depart from the republican character , its advocates must abandon it as no longer defensible .
What , then , are the distinctive characters of the republican form ?
Were an answer to this question to be sought , not by recurring to principles , but in the application of the term by political writers , to the constitution of different States , no satisfactory one would ever be found .
Holland , in which no particle of the supreme authority is derived from the people , has passed almost universally under the denomination of a republic .
The same title has been bestowed on Venice , where absolute power over the great body of the people is exercised , in the most absolute manner , by a small body of hereditary nobles .
Poland , which is a mixture of aristocracy and of monarchy in their worst forms , has been dignified with the same appellation .
The government of England , which has one republican branch only , combined with an hereditary aristocracy and monarchy , has , with equal impropriety , been frequently placed on the list of republics .
These examples , which are nearly as dissimilar to each other as to a genuine republic , show the extreme inaccuracy with which the term has been used in political disquisitions .
According to the constitution of every State in the Union , some or other of the officers of government are appointed indirectly only by the people .
According to most of them , the chief magistrate himself is so appointed .
And according to one , this mode of appointment is extended to one of the co-ordinate branches of the legislature .
According to all the constitutions , also , the tenure of the highest offices is extended to a definite period , and in many instances , both within the legislative and executive departments , to a period of years .
According to the provisions of most of the constitutions , again , as well as according to the most respectable and received opinions on the subject , the members of the judiciary department are to retain their offices by the firm tenure of good behavior .
On comparing the Constitution planned by the convention with the standard here fixed , we perceive at once that it is , in the most rigid sense , conformable to it .
The House of Representatives , like that of one branch at least of all the State legislatures , is elected immediately by the great body of the people .
The Senate , like the present Congress , and the Senate of Maryland , derives its appointment indirectly from the people .
The President is indirectly derived from the choice of the people , according to the example in most of the States .
The Senate is elective , for the period of six years ; which is but one year more than the period of the Senate of Maryland , and but two more than that of the Senates of New York and Virginia .
The President is to continue in office for the period of four years ; as in New York and Delaware , the chief magistrate is elected for three years , and in South Carolina for two years .
In the other States the election is annual .
In several of the States , however , no constitutional provision is made for the impeachment of the chief magistrate .
And in Delaware and Virginia he is not impeachable till out of office .
The President of the United States is impeachable at any time during his continuance in office .
The tenure by which the judges are to hold their places , is , as it unquestionably ought to be , that of good behavior .
The tenure of the ministerial offices generally , will be a subject of legal regulation , conformably to the reason of the case and the example of the State constitutions .
But it was not sufficient , " say the adversaries of the proposed Constitution , " for the convention to adhere to the republican form .
They ought , with equal care , to have preserved the FEDERAL form , which regards the Union as a CONFEDERACY of sovereign states ; instead of which , they have framed a NATIONAL government , which regards the Union as a CONSOLIDATION of the States . "
And it is asked by what authority this bold and radical innovation was undertaken ?
The handle which has been made of this objection requires that it should be examined with some precision .
It is to be the assent and ratification of the several States , derived from the supreme authority in each State , the authority of the people themselves .
The act , therefore , establishing the Constitution , will not be a NATIONAL , but a FEDERAL act .
It must result from the UNANIMOUS assent of the several States that are parties to it , differing no otherwise from their ordinary assent than in its being expressed , not by the legislative authority , but by that of the people themselves .
Neither of these rules have been adopted .
Each State , in ratifying the Constitution , is considered as a sovereign body , independent of all others , and only to be bound by its own voluntary act .
In this relation , then , the new Constitution will , if established , be a FEDERAL , and not a NATIONAL constitution .
The next relation is , to the sources from which the ordinary powers of government are to be derived .
The House of Representatives will derive its powers from the people of America ; and the people will be represented in the same proportion , and on the same principle , as they are in the legislature of a particular State .
So far the government is NATIONAL , not FEDERAL .
The Senate , on the other hand , will derive its powers from the States , as political and coequal societies ; and these will be represented on the principle of equality in the Senate , as they now are in the existing Congress .
So far the government is FEDERAL , not NATIONAL .
The executive power will be derived from a very compound source .
The immediate election of the President is to be made by the States in their political characters .
The votes allotted to them are in a compound ratio , which considers them partly as distinct and coequal societies , partly as unequal members of the same society .
The eventual election , again , is to be made by that branch of the legislature which consists of the national representatives ; but in this particular act they are to be thrown into the form of individual delegations , from so many distinct and coequal bodies politic .
From this aspect of the government it appears to be of a mixed character , presenting at least as many FEDERAL as NATIONAL features .
On trying the Constitution by this criterion , it falls under the NATIONAL , not the FEDERAL character ; though perhaps not so completely as has been understood .
In several cases , and particularly in the trial of controversies to which States may be parties , they must be viewed and proceeded against in their collective and political capacities only .
So far the national countenance of the government on this side seems to be disfigured by a few federal features .
But this blemish is perhaps unavoidable in any plan ; and the operation of the government on the people , in their individual capacities , in its ordinary and most essential proceedings , may , on the whole , designate it , in this relation , a NATIONAL government .
But if the government be national with regard to the OPERATION of its powers , it changes its aspect again when we contemplate it in relation to the EXTENT of its powers .
The idea of a national government involves in it , not only an authority over the individual citizens , but an indefinite supremacy over all persons and things , so far as they are objects of lawful government .
Among a people consolidated into one nation , this supremacy is completely vested in the national legislature .
Among communities united for particular purposes , it is vested partly in the general and partly in the municipal legislatures .
In the former case , all local authorities are subordinate to the supreme ; and may be controlled , directed , or abolished by it at pleasure .
In the latter , the local or municipal authorities form distinct and independent portions of the supremacy , no more subject , within their respective spheres , to the general authority , than the general authority is subject to them , within its own sphere .
In this relation , then , the proposed government cannot be deemed a NATIONAL one ; since its jurisdiction extends to certain enumerated objects only , and leaves to the several States a residuary and inviolable sovereignty over all other objects .
It is true that in controversies relating to the boundary between the two jurisdictions , the tribunal which is ultimately to decide , is to be established under the general government .
But this does not change the principle of the case .
The decision is to be impartially made , according to the rules of the Constitution ; and all the usual and most effectual precautions are taken to secure this impartiality .
If we try the Constitution by its last relation to the authority by which amendments are to be made , we find it neither wholly NATIONAL nor wholly FEDERAL .
Were it wholly national , the supreme and ultimate authority would reside in the MAJORITY of the people of the Union ; and this authority would be competent at all times , like that of a majority of every national society , to alter or abolish its established government .
Were it wholly federal , on the other hand , the concurrence of each State in the Union would be essential to every alteration that would be binding on all .
The mode provided by the plan of the convention is not founded on either of these principles .
In requiring more than a majority , and principles .
The proposed Constitution , therefore , is , in strictness , neither a national nor a federal Constitution , but a composition of both .
FEDERALIST No. 40 The Powers of the Convention to Form a Mixed Government Examined and Sustained From the New York Packet .
Friday , January 18 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : THE SECOND point to be examined is , whether the convention were authorized to frame and propose this mixed Constitution .
The powers of the convention ought , in strictness , to be determined by an inspection of the commissions given to the members by their respective constituents .
As all of these , however , had reference , either to the recommendation from the meeting at Annapolis , in September , 1786 , or to that from Congress , in February , 1787 , it will be sufficient to recur to these particular acts .
From a comparison and fair construction of these several modes of expression , is to be deduced the authority under which the convention acted .
They were to frame a NATIONAL GOVERNMENT , adequate to the EXIGENCIES OF GOVERNMENT , and OF THE UNION ; and to reduce the articles of Confederation into such form as to accomplish these purposes .
There are two rules of construction , dictated by plain reason , as well as founded on legal axioms .
The one is , that every part of the expression ought , if possible , to be allowed some meaning , and be made to conspire to some common end .
The other is , that where the several parts cannot be made to coincide , the less important should give way to the more important part ; the means should be sacrificed to the end , rather than the end to the means .
Which was the more important , which the less important part ?
Which the end ; which the means ?
Let the most scrupulous expositors of delegated powers ; let the most inveterate objectors against those exercised by the convention , answer these questions .
But is it necessary to suppose that these expressions are absolutely irreconcilable to each other ; that no ALTERATIONS or PROVISIONS in THE ARTICLES OF THE CONFEDERATION could possibly mould them into a national and adequate government ; into such a government as has been proposed by the convention ?
No stress , it is presumed , will , in this case , be laid on the TITLE ; a change of that could never be deemed an exercise of ungranted power .
ALTERATIONS in the body of the instrument are expressly authorized .
NEW PROVISIONS therein are also expressly authorized .
Here then is a power to change the title ; to insert new articles ; to alter old ones .
Must it of necessity be admitted that this power is infringed , so long as a part of the old articles remain ?
Those who maintain the affirmative ought at least to mark the boundary between authorized and usurped innovations ; between that degree of change which lies within the compass of ALTERATIONS AND FURTHER PROVISIONS , and that which amounts to a TRANSMUTATION of the government .
Will it be said that the alterations ought not to have touched the substance of the Confederation ?
The States would never have appointed a convention with so much solemnity , nor described its objects with so much latitude , if some SUBSTANTIAL reform had not been in contemplation .
Will it be said that the FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES of the Confederation were not within the purview of the convention , and ought not to have been varied ?
I ask , What are these principles ?
Do they require that , in the establishment of the Constitution , the States should be regarded as distinct and independent sovereigns ?
They are so regarded by the Constitution proposed .
Do they require that the members of the government should derive their appointment from the legislatures , not from the people of the States ?
One branch of the new government is to be appointed by these legislatures ; and under the Confederation , the delegates to Congress MAY ALL be appointed immediately by the people , and in two States1 are actually so appointed .
Do they require that the powers of the government should act on the States , and not immediately on individuals ?
In some instances , as has been shown , the powers of the new government will act on the States in their collective characters .
In some instances , also , those of the existing government act immediately on individuals .
Do these fundamental principles require , particularly , that no tax should be levied without the intermediate agency of the States ?
The Confederation itself authorizes a direct tax , to a certain extent , on the post office .
The power of coinage has been so construed by Congress as to levy a tribute immediately from that source also .
But pretermitting these instances , was it not an acknowledged object of the convention and the universal expectation of the people , that the regulation of trade should be submitted to the general government in such a form as would render it an immediate source of general revenue ?
Had not Congress repeatedly recommended this measure as not inconsistent with the fundamental principles of the Confederation ?
Had not every State but one ; had not New York herself , so far complied with the plan of Congress as to recognize the PRINCIPLE of the innovation ?
Do these principles , in fine , require that the powers of the general government should be limited , and that , beyond this limit , the States should be left in possession of their sovereignty and independence ?
We have seen that in the new government , as in the old , the general powers are limited ; and that the States , in all unenumerated cases , are left in the enjoyment of their sovereign and independent jurisdiction .
The truth is , that the great principles of the Constitution proposed by the convention may be considered less as absolutely new , than as the expansion of principles which are found in the articles of Confederation .
In one particular it is admitted that the convention have departed from the tenor of their commission .
Instead of reporting a plan requiring the confirmation OF THE LEGISLATURES OF ALL THE STATES , they have reported a plan which is to be confirmed by the PEOPLE , and may be carried into effect by NINE STATES ONLY .
It is worthy of remark that this objection , though the most plausible , has been the least urged in the publications which have swarmed against the convention .
As this objection , therefore , has been in a manner waived by those who have criticised the powers of the convention , I dismiss it without further observation .
The THIRD point to be inquired into is , how far considerations of duty arising out of the case itself could have supplied any defect of regular authority .
In the preceding inquiries the powers of the convention have been analyzed and tried with the same rigor , and by the same rules , as if they had been real and final powers for the establishment of a Constitution for the United States .
We have seen in what manner they have borne the trial even on that supposition .
This reflection places the subject in a point of view altogether different , and will enable us to judge with propriety of the course taken by the convention .
Let us view the ground on which the convention stood .
It could not be unknown to them that the hopes and expectations of the great body of citizens , throughout this great empire , were turned with the keenest anxiety to the event of their deliberations .
They had every reason to believe that the contrary sentiments agitated the minds and bosoms of every external and internal foe to the liberty and prosperity of the United States .
They had seen in the origin and progress of the experiment , the alacrity with which the PROPOSITION , made by a single State ( Virginia ) , towards a partial amendment of the Confederation , had been attended to and promoted .
They had seen , in a variety of instances , assumptions by Congress , not only of recommendatory , but of operative , powers , warranted , in the public estimation , by occasions and objects infinitely less urgent than those by which their conduct was to be governed .
They must have borne in mind , that as the plan to be framed and proposed was to be submitted TO THE PEOPLE THEMSELVES , the disapprobation of this supreme authority would destroy it forever ; its approbation blot out antecedent errors and irregularities .
If , according to the noble precept , it be lawful to accept good advice even from an enemy , shall we set the ignoble example of refusing such advice even when it is offered by our friends ?
The prudent inquiry , in all cases , ought surely to be , not so much FROM WHOM the advice comes , as whether the advice be GOOD .
How far this character is due to the Constitution , is the subject under investigation .
Connecticut and Rhode Island .
Declaration of Independence .
FEDERALIST No. 41 General View of the Powers Conferred by The Constitution For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : THE Constitution proposed by the convention may be considered under two general points of view .
The FIRST relates to the sum or quantity of power which it vests in the government , including the restraints imposed on the States .
The SECOND , to the particular structure of the government , and the distribution of this power among its several branches .
Under the FIRST view of the subject , two important questions arise : 1 .
Whether any part of the powers transferred to the general government be unnecessary or improper ? 2 .
Whether the entire mass of them be dangerous to the portion of jurisdiction left in the several States ?
Is the aggregate power of the general government greater than ought to have been vested in it ?
This is the FIRST question .
It cannot have escaped those who have attended with candor to the arguments employed against the extensive powers of the government , that the authors of them have very little considered how far these powers were necessary means of attaining a necessary end .
They have chosen rather to dwell on the inconveniences which must be unavoidably blended with all political advantages ; and on the possible abuses which must be incident to every power or trust , of which a beneficial use can be made .
This method of handling the subject cannot impose on the good sense of the people of America .
Security against foreign danger ; 2 .
Regulation of the intercourse with foreign nations ; 3 .
Maintenance of harmony and proper intercourse among the States ; 4 .
Certain miscellaneous objects of general utility ; 5 .
Restraint of the States from certain injurious acts ; 6 .
Provisions for giving due efficacy to all these powers .
The powers falling within the FIRST class are those of declaring war and granting letters of marque ; of providing armies and fleets ; of regulating and calling forth the militia ; of levying and borrowing money .
Security against foreign danger is one of the primitive objects of civil society .
It is an avowed and essential object of the American Union .
The powers requisite for attaining it must be effectually confided to the federal councils .
Is the power of declaring war necessary ?
No man will answer this question in the negative .
It would be superfluous , therefore , to enter into a proof of the affirmative .
The existing Confederation establishes this power in the most ample form .
Is the power of raising armies and equipping fleets necessary ?
This is involved in the foregoing power .
It is involved in the power of self-defense .
But was it necessary to give an INDEFINITE POWER of raising TROOPS , as well as providing fleets ; and of maintaining both in PEACE , as well as in war ?
The answer to these questions has been too far anticipated in another place to admit an extensive discussion of them in this place .
The answer indeed seems to be so obvious and conclusive as scarcely to justify such a discussion in any place .
With what color of propriety could the force necessary for defense be limited by those who cannot limit the force of offense ?
If a federal Constitution could chain the ambition or set bounds to the exertions of all other nations , then indeed might it prudently chain the discretion of its own government , and set bounds to the exertions for its own safety .
How could a readiness for war in time of peace be safely prohibited , unless we could prohibit , in like manner , the preparations and establishments of every hostile nation ?
The means of security can only be regulated by the means and the danger of attack .
They will , in fact , be ever determined by these rules , and by no others .
It is in vain to oppose constitutional barriers to the impulse of self-preservation .
It is worse than in vain ; because it plants in the Constitution itself necessary usurpations of power , every precedent of which is a germ of unnecessary and multiplied repetitions .
If one nation maintains constantly a disciplined army , ready for the service of ambition or revenge , it obliges the most pacific nations who may be within the reach of its enterprises to take corresponding precautions .
The fifteenth century was the unhappy epoch of military establishments in the time of peace .
They were introduced by Charles VII. of France .
All Europe has followed , or been forced into , the example .
Had the example not been followed by other nations , all Europe must long ago have worn the chains of a universal monarch .
Were every nation except France now to disband its peace establishments , the same event might follow .
The veteran legions of Rome were an overmatch for the undisciplined valor of all other nations and rendered her the mistress of the world .
Not the less true is it , that the liberties of Rome proved the final victim to her military triumphs ; and that the liberties of Europe , as far as they ever existed , have , with few exceptions , been the price of her military establishments .
A standing force , therefore , is a dangerous , at the same time that it may be a necessary , provision .
On the smallest scale it has its inconveniences .
On an extensive scale its consequences may be fatal .
On any scale it is an object of laudable circumspection and precaution .
The clearest marks of this prudence are stamped on the proposed Constitution .
The Union itself , which it cements and secures , destroys every pretext for a military establishment which could be dangerous .
America united , with a handful of troops , or without a single soldier , exhibits a more forbidding posture to foreign ambition than America disunited , with a hundred thousand veterans ready for combat .
It was remarked , on a former occasion , that the want of this pretext had saved the liberties of one nation in Europe .
Being rendered by her insular situation and her maritime resources impregnable to the armies of her neighbors , the rulers of Great Britain have never been able , by real or artificial dangers , to cheat the public into an extensive peace establishment .
The distance of the United States from the powerful nations of the world gives them the same happy security .
A dangerous establishment can never be necessary or plausible , so long as they continue a united people .
But let it never , for a moment , be forgotten that they are indebted for this advantage to the Union alone .
The moment of its dissolution will be the date of a new order of things .
The fears of the weaker , or the ambition of the stronger States , or Confederacies , will set the same example in the New , as Charles VII. did in the Old World .
The example will be followed here from the same motives which produced universal imitation there .
Instead of deriving from our situation the precious advantage which Great Britain has derived from hers , the face of America will be but a copy of that of the continent of Europe .
It will present liberty everywhere crushed between standing armies and perpetual taxes .
The fortunes of disunited America will be even more disastrous than those of Europe .
The sources of evil in the latter are confined to her own limits .
No superior powers of another quarter of the globe intrigue among her rival nations , inflame their mutual animosities , and render them the instruments of foreign ambition , jealousy , and revenge .
In America the miseries springing from her internal jealousies , contentions , and wars , would form a part only of her lot .
A plentiful addition of evils would have their source in that relation in which Europe stands to this quarter of the earth , and which no other quarter of the earth bears to Europe .
This picture of the consequences of disunion cannot be too highly colored , or too often exhibited .
Next to the effectual establishment of the Union , the best possible precaution against danger from standing armies is a limitation of the term for which revenue may be appropriated to their support .
This precaution the Constitution has prudently added .
I will not repeat here the observations which I flatter myself have placed this subject in a just and satisfactory light .
But it may not be improper to take notice of an argument against this part of the Constitution , which has been drawn from the policy and practice of Great Britain .
It is said that the continuance of an army in that kingdom requires an annual vote of the legislature ; whereas the American Constitution has lengthened this critical period to two years .
This is the form in which the comparison is usually stated to the public : but is it a just form ?
Is it a fair comparison ?
Does the British Constitution restrain the parliamentary discretion to one year ?
Does the American impose on the Congress appropriations for two years ?
On the contrary , it cannot be unknown to the authors of the fallacy themselves , that the British Constitution fixes no limit whatever to the discretion of the legislature , and that the American ties down the legislature to two years , as the longest admissible term .
A bad cause seldom fails to betray itself .
Of this truth , the management of the opposition to the federal government is an unvaried exemplification .
But among all the blunders which have been committed , none is more striking than the attempt to enlist on that side the prudent jealousy entertained by the people , of standing armies .
The palpable necessity of the power to provide and maintain a navy has protected that part of the Constitution against a spirit of censure , which has spared few other parts .
It must , indeed , be numbered among the greatest blessings of America , that as her Union will be the only source of her maritime strength , so this will be a principal source of her security against danger from abroad .
In this respect our situation bears another likeness to the insular advantage of Great Britain .
The batteries most capable of repelling foreign enterprises on our safety , are happily such as can never be turned by a perfidious government against our liberties .
If we except perhaps Virginia and Maryland , which are peculiarly vulnerable on their eastern frontiers , no part of the Union ought to feel more anxiety on this subject than New York .
Her seacoast is extensive .
A very important district of the State is an island .
The State itself is penetrated by a large navigable river for more than fifty leagues .
The power of regulating and calling forth the militia has been already sufficiently vindicated and explained .
The power of levying and borrowing money , being the sinew of that which is to be exerted in the national defense , is properly thrown into the same class with it .
This power , also , has been examined already with much attention , and has , I trust , been clearly shown to be necessary , both in the extent and form given to it by the Constitution .
I will address one additional reflection only to those who contend that the power ought to have been restrained to external taxation by which they mean , taxes on articles imported from other countries .
It cannot be doubted that this will always be a valuable source of revenue ; that for a considerable time it must be a principal source ; that at this moment it is an essential one .
As long as agriculture continues the sole field of labor , the importation of manufactures must increase as the consumers multiply .
As soon as domestic manufactures are begun by the hands not called for by agriculture , the imported manufactures will decrease as the numbers of people increase .
In a more remote stage , the imports may consist in a considerable part of raw materials , which will be wrought into articles for exportation , and will , therefore , require rather the encouragement of bounties , than to be loaded with discouraging duties .
A system of government , meant for duration , ought to contemplate these revolutions , and be able to accommodate itself to them .
Some , who have not denied the necessity of the power of taxation , have grounded a very fierce attack against the Constitution , on the language in which it is defined .
No stronger proof could be given of the distress under which these writers labor for objections , than their stooping to such a misconstruction .
A power to destroy the freedom of the press , the trial by jury , or even to regulate the course of descents , or the forms of conveyances , must be very singularly expressed by the terms " to raise money for the general welfare . "
But what color can the objection have , when a specification of the objects alluded to by these general terms immediately follows , and is not even separated by a longer pause than a semicolon ?
For what purpose could the enumeration of particular powers be inserted , if these and all others were meant to be included in the preceding general power ?
Nothing is more natural nor common than first to use a general phrase , and then to explain and qualify it by a recital of particulars .
The objection here is the more extraordinary , as it appears that the language used by the convention is a copy from the articles of Confederation .
The objects of the Union among the States , as described in article third , are " their common defense , security of their liberties , and mutual and general welfare . "
A similar language again occurs in article ninth .
Construe either of these articles by the rules which would justify the construction put on the new Constitution , and they vest in the existing Congress a power to legislate in all cases whatsoever .
But what would have been thought of that assembly , if , attaching themselves to these general expressions , and disregarding the specifications which ascertain and limit their import , they had exercised an unlimited power of providing for the common defense and general welfare ?
I appeal to the objectors themselves , whether they would in that case have employed the same reasoning in justification of Congress as they now make use of against the convention .
How difficult it is for error to escape its own condemnation !
FEDERALIST No. 42 The Powers Conferred by the Constitution Further Considered From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , January 22 , 1788 .
This class of powers forms an obvious and essential branch of the federal administration .
If we are to be one nation in any respect , it clearly ought to be in respect to other nations .
The powers to make treaties and to send and receive ambassadors , speak their own propriety .
And under no latitude of construction will the term comprehend consuls .
Yet it has been found expedient , and has been the practice of Congress , to employ the inferior grades of public ministers , and to send and receive consuls .
But the admission of consuls into the United States , where no previous treaty has stipulated it , seems to have been nowhere provided for .
A supply of the omission is one of the lesser instances in which the convention have improved on the model before them .
But the most minute provisions become important when they tend to obviate the necessity or the pretext for gradual and unobserved usurpations of power .
The power to define and punish piracies and felonies committed on the high seas , and offenses against the law of nations , belongs with equal propriety to the general government , and is a still greater improvement on the articles of Confederation .
These articles contain no provision for the case of offenses against the law of nations ; and consequently leave it in the power of any indiscreet member to embroil the Confederacy with foreign nations .
The provision of the federal articles on the subject of piracies and felonies extends no further than to the establishment of courts for the trial of these offenses .
The definition of piracies might , perhaps , without inconveniency , be left to the law of nations ; though a legislative definition of them is found in most municipal codes .
A definition of felonies on the high seas is evidently requisite .
Felony is a term of loose signification , even in the common law of England ; and of various import in the statute law of that kingdom .
But neither the common nor the statute law of that , or of any other nation , ought to be a standard for the proceedings of this , unless previously made its own by legislative adoption .
The meaning of the term , as defined in the codes of the several States , would be as impracticable as the former would be a dishonorable and illegitimate guide .
It is not precisely the same in any two of the States ; and varies in each with every revision of its criminal laws .
For the sake of certainty and uniformity , therefore , the power of defining felonies in this case was in every respect necessary and proper .
The regulation of foreign commerce , having fallen within several views which have been taken of this subject , has been too fully discussed to need additional proofs here of its being properly submitted to the federal administration .
It were doubtless to be wished , that the power of prohibiting the importation of slaves had not been postponed until the year 1808 , or rather that it had been suffered to have immediate operation .
But it is not difficult to account , either for this restriction on the general government , or for the manner in which the whole clause is expressed .
Happy would it be for the unfortunate Africans , if an equal prospect lay before them of being redeemed from the oppressions of their European brethren !
Attempts have been made to pervert this clause into an objection against the Constitution , by representing it on one side as a criminal toleration of an illicit practice , and on another as calculated to prevent voluntary and beneficial emigrations from Europe to America .
I mention these misconstructions , not with a view to give them an answer , for they deserve none , but as specimens of the manner and spirit in which some have thought fit to conduct their opposition to the proposed government .
The powers included in the THIRD class are those which provide for the harmony and proper intercourse among the States .
The defect of power in the existing Confederacy to regulate the commerce between its several members , is in the number of those which have been clearly pointed out by experience .
To the proofs and remarks which former papers have brought into view on this subject , it may be added that without this supplemental provision , the great and essential power of regulating foreign commerce would have been incomplete and ineffectual .
A very material object of this power was the relief of the States which import and export through other States , from the improper contributions levied on them by the latter .
We may be assured by past experience , that such a practice would be introduced by future contrivances ; and both by that and a common knowledge of human affairs , that it would nourish unceasing animosities , and not improbably terminate in serious interruptions of the public tranquillity .
But the mild voice of reason , pleading the cause of an enlarged and permanent interest , is but too often drowned , before public bodies as well as individuals , by the clamors of an impatient avidity for immediate and immoderate gain .
The necessity of a superintending authority over the reciprocal trade of confederated States , has been illustrated by other examples as well as our own .
In Switzerland , where the Union is so very slight , each canton is obliged to allow to merchandises a passage through its jurisdiction into other cantons , without an augmentation of the tolls .
Among the restraints imposed by the Union of the Netherlands on its members , one is , that they shall not establish imposts disadvantageous to their neighbors , without the general permission .
The regulation of commerce with the Indian tribes is very properly unfettered from two limitations in the articles of Confederation , which render the provision obscure and contradictory .
The power is there restrained to Indians , not members of any of the States , and is not to violate or infringe the legislative right of any State within its own limits .
What description of Indians are to be deemed members of a State , is not yet settled , and has been a question of frequent perplexity and contention in the federal councils .
And how the trade with Indians , though not members of a State , yet residing within its legislative jurisdiction , can be regulated by an external authority , without so far intruding on the internal rights of legislation , is absolutely incomprehensible .
All that need be remarked on the power to coin money , regulate the value thereof , and of foreign coin , is , that by providing for this last case , the Constitution has supplied a material omission in the articles of Confederation .
The authority of the existing Congress is restrained to the regulation of coin STRUCK by their own authority , or that of the respective States .
It must be seen at once that the proposed uniformity in the VALUE of the current coin might be destroyed by subjecting that of foreign coin to the different regulations of the different States .
The punishment of counterfeiting the public securities , as well as the current coin , is submitted of course to that authority which is to secure the value of both .
The regulation of weights and measures is transferred from the articles of Confederation , and is founded on like considerations with the preceding power of regulating coin .
The dissimilarity in the rules of naturalization has long been remarked as a fault in our system , and as laying a foundation for intricate and delicate questions .
There is a confusion of language here , which is remarkable .
But were an exposition of the term " inhabitants " to be admitted which would confine the stipulated privileges to citizens alone , the difficulty is diminished only , not removed .
The very improper power would still be retained by each State , of naturalizing aliens in every other State .
In one State , residence for a short term confirms all the rights of citizenship : in another , qualifications of greater importance are required .
We owe it to mere casualty , that very serious embarrassments on this subject have been hitherto escaped .
By the laws of several States , certain descriptions of aliens , who had rendered themselves obnoxious , were laid under interdicts inconsistent not only with the rights of citizenship but with the privilege of residence .
What would have been the consequence , if such persons , by residence or otherwise , had acquired the character of citizens under the laws of another State , and then asserted their rights as such , both to residence and citizenship , within the State proscribing them ?
Whatever the legal consequences might have been , other consequences would probably have resulted , of too serious a nature not to be provided against .
The new Constitution has accordingly , with great propriety , made provision against them , and all others proceeding from the defect of the Confederation on this head , by authorizing the general government to establish a uniform rule of naturalization throughout the United States .
The meaning of the latter is extremely indeterminate , and can be of little importance under any interpretation which it will bear .
The power here established may be rendered a very convenient instrument of justice , and be particularly beneficial on the borders of contiguous States , where the effects liable to justice may be suddenly and secretly translated , in any stage of the process , within a foreign jurisdiction .
The power of establishing post roads must , in every view , be a harmless power , and may , perhaps , by judicious management , become productive of great public conveniency .
Nothing which tends to facilitate the intercourse between the States can be deemed unworthy of the public care .
FEDERALIST No. 43 The Same Subject Continued ( The Powers Conferred by the Constitution Further Considered ) For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : THE FOURTH class comprises the following miscellaneous powers : 1 .
A power " to promote the progress of science and useful arts , by securing , for a limited time , to authors and inventors , the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries . "
The utility of this power will scarcely be questioned .
The copyright of authors has been solemnly adjudged , in Great Britain , to be a right of common law .
The right to useful inventions seems with equal reason to belong to the inventors .
The public good fully coincides in both cases with the claims of individuals .
The States cannot separately make effectual provisions for either of the cases , and most of them have anticipated the decision of this point , by laws passed at the instance of Congress .
The indispensable necessity of complete authority at the seat of government , carries its own evidence with it .
It is a power exercised by every legislature of the Union , I might say of the world , by virtue of its general supremacy .
The extent of this federal district is sufficiently circumscribed to satisfy every jealousy of an opposite nature .
The necessity of a like authority over forts , magazines , etc . , established by the general government , is not less evident .
The public money expended on such places , and the public property deposited in them , requires that they should be exempt from the authority of the particular State .
Nor would it be proper for the places on which the security of the entire Union may depend , to be in any degree dependent on a particular member of it .
All objections and scruples are here also obviated , by requiring the concurrence of the States concerned , in every such establishment .
To declare the punishment of treason , but no attainder of treason shall work corruption of blood , or forfeiture , except during the life of the person attained . "
As treason may be committed against the United States , the authority of the United States ought to be enabled to punish it .
In the articles of Confederation , no provision is found on this important subject .
Canada was to be admitted of right , on her joining in the measures of the United States ; and the other COLONIES , by which were evidently meant the other British colonies , at the discretion of nine States .
The eventual establishment of NEW STATES seems to have been overlooked by the compilers of that instrument .
We have seen the inconvenience of this omission , and the assumption of power into which Congress have been led by it .
With great propriety , therefore , has the new system supplied the defect .
The general precaution , that no new States shall be formed , without the concurrence of the federal authority , and that of the States concerned , is consonant to the principles which ought to govern such transactions .
The particular precaution against the erection of new States , by the partition of a State without its consent , quiets the jealousy of the larger States ; as that of the smaller is quieted by a like precaution , against a junction of States without their consent .
This is a power of very great importance , and required by considerations similar to those which show the propriety of the former .
The proviso annexed is proper in itself , and was probably rendered absolutely necessary by jealousies and questions concerning the Western territory sufficiently known to the public .
To guarantee to every State in the Union a republican form of government ; to protect each of them against invasion ; and on application of the legislature , or of the executive ( when the legislature cannot be convened ) , against domestic violence . "
In a confederacy founded on republican principles , and composed of republican members , the superintending government ought clearly to possess authority to defend the system against aristocratic or monarchial innovations .
The more intimate the nature of such a union may be , the greater interest have the members in the political institutions of each other ; and the greater right to insist that the forms of government under which the compact was entered into should be SUBSTANTIALLY maintained .
But a right implies a remedy ; and where else could the remedy be deposited , than where it is deposited by the Constitution ?
Governments of dissimilar principles and forms have been found less adapted to a federal coalition of any sort , than those of a kindred nature . "
As the confederate republic of Germany , " says Montesquieu , " consists of free cities and petty states , subject to different princes , experience shows us that it is more imperfect than that of Holland and Switzerland . "
" Greece was undone , " he adds , " as soon as the king of Macedon obtained a seat among the Amphictyons . "
In the latter case , no doubt , the disproportionate force , as well as the monarchical form , of the new confederate , had its share of influence on the events .
It may possibly be asked , what need there could be of such a precaution , and whether it may not become a pretext for alterations in the State governments , without the concurrence of the States themselves .
These questions admit of ready answers .
If the interposition of the general government should not be needed , the provision for such an event will be a harmless superfluity only in the Constitution .
But who can say what experiments may be produced by the caprice of particular States , by the ambition of enterprising leaders , or by the intrigues and influence of foreign powers ?
To the second question it may be answered , that if the general government should interpose by virtue of this constitutional authority , it will be , of course , bound to pursue the authority .
But the authority extends no further than to a GUARANTY of a republican form of government , which supposes a pre-existing government of the form which is to be guaranteed .
As long , therefore , as the existing republican forms are continued by the States , they are guaranteed by the federal Constitution .
Whenever the States may choose to substitute other republican forms , they have a right to do so , and to claim the federal guaranty for the latter .
The only restriction imposed on them is , that they shall not exchange republican for antirepublican Constitutions ; a restriction which , it is presumed , will hardly be considered as a grievance .
A protection against invasion is due from every society to the parts composing it .
The latitude of the expression here used seems to secure each State , not only against foreign hostility , but against ambitious or vindictive enterprises of its more powerful neighbors .
The history , both of ancient and modern confederacies , proves that the weaker members of the union ought not to be insensible to the policy of this article .
Protection against domestic violence is added with equal propriety .
A recent and well-known event among ourselves has warned us to be prepared for emergencies of a like nature .
But theoretic reasoning , in this as in most other cases , must be qualified by the lessons of practice .
Besides , there are certain parts of the State constitutions which are so interwoven with the federal Constitution , that a violent blow cannot be given to the one without communicating the wound to the other .
Insurrections in a State will rarely induce a federal interposition , unless the number concerned in them bear some proportion to the friends of government .
It will be much better that the violence in such cases should be repressed by the superintending power , than that the majority should be left to maintain their cause by a bloody and obstinate contest .
The existence of a right to interpose , will generally prevent the necessity of exerting it .
Is it true that force and right are necessarily on the same side in republican governments ?
May not the minor party possess such a superiority of pecuniary resources , of military talents and experience , or of secret succors from foreign powers , as will render it superior also in an appeal to the sword ?
May not a more compact and advantageous position turn the scale on the same side , against a superior number so situated as to be less capable of a prompt and collected exertion of its strength ?
Nothing can be more chimerical than to imagine that in a trial of actual force , victory may be calculated by the rules which prevail in a census of the inhabitants , or which determine the event of an election !
In cases where it may be doubtful on which side justice lies , what better umpires could be desired by two violent factions , flying to arms , and tearing a State to pieces , than the representatives of confederate States , not heated by the local flame ?
To the impartiality of judges , they would unite the affection of friends .
Happy would it be if such a remedy for its infirmities could be enjoyed by all free governments ; if a project equally effectual could be established for the universal peace of mankind !
Among the advantages of a confederate republic enumerated by Montesquieu , an important one is , " that should a popular insurrection happen in one of the States , the others are able to quell it .
Should abuses creep into one part , they are reformed by those that remain sound . " 7 . "
To consider all debts contracted , and engagements entered into , before the adoption of this Constitution , as being no less valid against the United States , under this Constitution , than under the Confederation . "
To provide for amendments to be ratified by three fourths of the States under two exceptions only . "
That useful alterations will be suggested by experience , could not but be foreseen .
It was requisite , therefore , that a mode for introducing them should be provided .
The mode preferred by the convention seems to be stamped with every mark of propriety .
It guards equally against that extreme facility , which would render the Constitution too mutable ; and that extreme difficulty , which might perpetuate its discovered faults .
It , moreover , equally enables the general and the State governments to originate the amendment of errors , as they may be pointed out by the experience on one side , or on the other .
The other exception must have been admitted on the same considerations which produced the privilege defended by it .
The ratification of the conventions of nine States shall be sufficient for the establishment of this Constitution between the States , ratifying the same . "
This article speaks for itself .
The express authority of the people alone could give due validity to the Constitution .
To have required the unanimous ratification of the thirteen States , would have subjected the essential interests of the whole to the caprice or corruption of a single member .
It would have marked a want of foresight in the convention , which our own experience would have rendered inexcusable .
Two questions of a very delicate nature present themselves on this occasion : 1 .
On what principle the Confederation , which stands in the solemn form of a compact among the States , can be superseded without the unanimous consent of the parties to it ? 2 .
What relation is to subsist between the nine or more States ratifying the Constitution , and the remaining few who do not become parties to it ?
PERHAPS , also , an answer may be found without searching beyond the principles of the compact itself .
It has been heretofore noted among the defects of the Confederation , that in many of the States it had received no higher sanction than a mere legislative ratification .
The principle of reciprocality seems to require that its obligation on the other States should be reduced to the same standard .
A compact between independent sovereigns , founded on ordinary acts of legislative authority , can pretend to no higher validity than a league or treaty between the parties .
The time has been when it was incumbent on us all to veil the ideas which this paragraph exhibits .
The scene is now changed , and with it the part which the same motives dictate .
The second question is not less delicate ; and the flattering prospect of its being merely hypothetical forbids an overcurious discussion of it .
It is one of those cases which must be left to provide for itself .
In general , it may be observed , that although no political relation can subsist between the assenting and dissenting States , yet the moral relations will remain uncancelled .
Restrictions on the Authority of the Several States From the New York Packet .
Friday , January 25 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : A FIFTH class of provisions in favor of the federal authority consists of the following restrictions on the authority of the several States : 1 . "
The prohibition against treaties , alliances , and confederations makes a part of the existing articles of Union ; and for reasons which need no explanation , is copied into the new Constitution .
The prohibition of letters of marque is another part of the old system , but is somewhat extended in the new .
According to the former , letters of marque could be granted by the States after a declaration of war ; according to the latter , these licenses must be obtained , as well during war as previous to its declaration , from the government of the United States .
This alteration is fully justified by the advantage of uniformity in all points which relate to foreign powers ; and of immediate responsibility to the nation in all those for whose conduct the nation itself is to be responsible .
The right of coining money , which is here taken from the States , was left in their hands by the Confederation , as a concurrent right with that of Congress , under an exception in favor of the exclusive right of Congress to regulate the alloy and value .
In this instance , also , the new provision is an improvement on the old .
Whilst the alloy and value depended on the general authority , a right of coinage in the particular States could have no other effect than to multiply expensive mints and diversify the forms and weights of the circulating pieces .
The extension of the prohibition to bills of credit must give pleasure to every citizen , in proportion to his love of justice and his knowledge of the true springs of public prosperity .
The subjects of foreign powers might suffer from the same cause , and hence the Union be discredited and embroiled by the indiscretion of a single member .
No one of these mischiefs is less incident to a power in the States to emit paper money , than to coin gold or silver .
The power to make any thing but gold and silver a tender in payment of debts , is withdrawn from the States , on the same principle with that of issuing a paper currency .
Bills of attainder , ex-post-facto laws , and laws impairing the obligation of contracts , are contrary to the first principles of the social compact , and to every principle of sound legislation .
The two former are expressly prohibited by the declarations prefixed to some of the State constitutions , and all of them are prohibited by the spirit and scope of these fundamental charters .
Our own experience has taught us , nevertheless , that additional fences against these dangers ought not to be omitted .
Very properly , therefore , have the convention added this constitutional bulwark in favor of personal security and private rights ; and I am much deceived if they have not , in so doing , as faithfully consulted the genuine sentiments as the undoubted interests of their constituents .
The sober people of America are weary of the fluctuating policy which has directed the public councils .
They have seen with regret and indignation that sudden changes and legislative interferences , in cases affecting personal rights , become jobs in the hands of enterprising and influential speculators , and snares to the more-industrious and less-informed part of the community .
They have seen , too , that one legislative interference is but the first link of a long chain of repetitions , every subsequent interference being naturally produced by the effects of the preceding .
They very rightly infer , therefore , that some thorough reform is wanting , which will banish speculations on public measures , inspire a general prudence and industry , and give a regular course to the business of society .
The prohibition with respect to titles of nobility is copied from the articles of Confederation and needs no comment .
The restraint on the power of the States over imports and exports is enforced by all the arguments which prove the necessity of submitting the regulation of trade to the federal councils .
The remaining particulars of this clause fall within reasonings which are either so obvious , or have been so fully developed , that they may be passed over without remark .
The SIXTH and last class consists of the several powers and provisions by which efficacy is given to all the rest .
Few parts of the Constitution have been assailed with more intemperance than this ; yet on a fair investigation of it , no part can appear more completely invulnerable .
Without the SUBSTANCE of this power , the whole Constitution would be a dead letter .
Those who object to the article , therefore , as a part of the Constitution , can only mean that the FORM of the provision is improper .
But have they considered whether a better form could have been substituted ?
There are four other possible methods which the Constitution might have taken on this subject .
It would be easy to show , if it were necessary , that no important power , delegated by the articles of Confederation , has been or can be executed by Congress , without recurring more or less to the doctrine of CONSTRUCTION or IMPLICATION .
Had the Constitution been silent on this head , there can be no doubt that all the particular powers requisite as means of executing the general powers would have resulted to the government , by unavoidable implication .
No axiom is more clearly established in law , or in reason , than that wherever the end is required , the means are authorized ; wherever a general power to do a thing is given , every particular power necessary for doing it is included .
There being no such intermediate body between the State legislatures and the people interested in watching the conduct of the former , violations of the State constitutions are more likely to remain unnoticed and unredressed .
The indiscreet zeal of the adversaries to the Constitution has betrayed them into an attack on this part of it also , without which it would have been evidently and radically defective .
To be fully sensible of this , we need only suppose for a moment that the supremacy of the State constitutions had been left complete by a saving clause in their favor .
The Senators and Representatives , and the members of the several State legislatures , and all executive and judicial officers , both of the United States and the several States , shall be bound by oath or affirmation to support this Constitution . "
It has been asked why it was thought necessary , that the State magistracy should be bound to support the federal Constitution , and unnecessary that a like oath should be imposed on the officers of the United States , in favor of the State constitutions .
Several reasons might be assigned for the distinction .
I content myself with one , which is obvious and conclusive .
The members of the federal government will have no agency in carrying the State constitutions into effect .
The members and officers of the State governments , on the contrary , will have an essential agency in giving effect to the federal Constitution .
The election of the President and Senate will depend , in all cases , on the legislatures of the several States .
And the election of the House of Representatives will equally depend on the same authority in the first instance ; and will , probably , forever be conducted by the officers , and according to the laws , of the States .
Among the provisions for giving efficacy to the federal powers might be added those which belong to the executive and judiciary departments : but as these are reserved for particular examination in another place , I pass them over in this .
The Alleged Danger From the Powers of the Union to the State Governments Considered For the Independent Fournal .
We have heard of the impious doctrine in the Old World , that the people were made for kings , not kings for the people .
Is the same doctrine to be revived in the New , in another shape that the solid happiness of the people is to be sacrificed to the views of political institutions of a different form ?
Were the plan of the convention adverse to the public happiness , my voice would be , Reject the plan .
Were the Union itself inconsistent with the public happiness , it would be , Abolish the Union .
In like manner , as far as the sovereignty of the States cannot be reconciled to the happiness of the people , the voice of every good citizen must be , Let the former be sacrificed to the latter .
How far the sacrifice is necessary , has been shown .
How far the unsacrificed residue will be endangered , is the question before us .
Several important considerations have been touched in the course of these papers , which discountenance the supposition that the operation of the federal government will by degrees prove fatal to the State governments .
The more I revolve the subject , the more fully I am persuaded that the balance is much more likely to be disturbed by the preponderancy of the last than of the first scale .
We have seen , in all the examples of ancient and modern confederacies , the strongest tendency continually betraying itself in the members , to despoil the general government of its authorities , with a very ineffectual capacity in the latter to defend itself against the encroachments .
In the Achaean league it is probable that the federal head had a degree and species of power , which gave it a considerable likeness to the government framed by the convention .
The Lycian Confederacy , as far as its principles and form are transmitted , must have borne a still greater analogy to it .
Yet history does not inform us that either of them ever degenerated , or tended to degenerate , into one consolidated government .
On the contrary , we know that the ruin of one of them proceeded from the incapacity of the federal authority to prevent the dissensions , and finally the disunion , of the subordinate authorities .
In the feudal system , we have seen a similar propensity exemplified .
Notwithstanding the want of proper sympathy in every instance between the local sovereigns and the people , and the sympathy in some instances between the general sovereign and the latter , it usually happened that the local sovereigns prevailed in the rivalship for encroachments .
Had no external dangers enforced internal harmony and subordination , and particularly , had the local sovereigns possessed the affections of the people , the great kingdoms in Europe would at this time consist of as many independent princes as there were formerly feudatory barons .
The State governments may be regarded as constituent and essential parts of the federal government ; whilst the latter is nowise essential to the operation or organization of the former .
Without the intervention of the State legislatures , the President of the United States cannot be elected at all .
They must in all cases have a great share in his appointment , and will , perhaps , in most cases , of themselves determine it .
The Senate will be elected absolutely and exclusively by the State legislatures .
Even the House of Representatives , though drawn immediately from the people , will be chosen very much under the influence of that class of men , whose influence over the people obtains for themselves an election into the State legislatures .
Thus , each of the principal branches of the federal government will owe its existence more or less to the favor of the State governments , and must consequently feel a dependence , which is much more likely to beget a disposition too obsequious than too overbearing towards them .
On the other side , the component parts of the State governments will in no instance be indebted for their appointment to the direct agency of the federal government , and very little , if at all , to the local influence of its members .
The number of individuals employed under the Constitution of the United States will be much smaller than the number employed under the particular States .
There will consequently be less of personal influence on the side of the former than of the latter .
If the federal government is to have collectors of revenue , the State governments will have theirs also .
Indeed it is extremely probable , that in other instances , particularly in the organization of the judicial power , the officers of the States will be clothed with the correspondent authority of the Union .
Should it happen , however , that separate collectors of internal revenue should be appointed under the federal government , the influence of the whole number would not bear a comparison with that of the multitude of State officers in the opposite scale .
The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to the federal government are few and defined .
Those which are to remain in the State governments are numerous and indefinite .
The former will be exercised principally on external objects , as war , peace , negotiation , and foreign commerce ; with which last the power of taxation will , for the most part , be connected .
The powers reserved to the several States will extend to all the objects which , in the ordinary course of affairs , concern the lives , liberties , and properties of the people , and the internal order , improvement , and prosperity of the State .
The operations of the federal government will be most extensive and important in times of war and danger ; those of the State governments , in times of peace and security .
As the former periods will probably bear a small proportion to the latter , the State governments will here enjoy another advantage over the federal government .
The more adequate , indeed , the federal powers may be rendered to the national defense , the less frequent will be those scenes of danger which might favor their ascendancy over the governments of the particular States .
If the new Constitution be examined with accuracy and candor , it will be found that the change which it proposes consists much less in the addition of NEW POWERS to the Union , than in the invigoration of its ORIGINAL POWERS .
The regulation of commerce , it is true , is a new power ; but that seems to be an addition which few oppose , and from which no apprehensions are entertained .
The powers relating to war and peace , armies and fleets , treaties and finance , with the other more considerable powers , are all vested in the existing Congress by the articles of Confederation .
The proposed change does not enlarge these powers ; it only substitutes a more effectual mode of administering them .
To maintain that such an event would have ensued , would be to say at once , that the existence of the State governments is incompatible with any system whatever that accomplishes the essential purposes of the Union .
The Influence of the State and Federal Governments Compared From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , January 29 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : RESUMING the subject of the last paper , I proceed to inquire whether the federal government or the State governments will have the advantage with regard to the predilection and support of the people .
Notwithstanding the different modes in which they are appointed , we must consider both of them as substantially dependent on the great body of the citizens of the United States .
I assume this position here as it respects the first , reserving the proofs for another place .
The federal and State governments are in fact but different agents and trustees of the people , constituted with different powers , and designed for different purposes .
These gentlemen must here be reminded of their error .
Truth , no less than decency , requires that the event in every case should be supposed to depend on the sentiments and sanction of their common constituents .
Many considerations , besides those suggested on a former occasion , seem to place it beyond doubt that the first and most natural attachment of the people will be to the governments of their respective States .
Into the administration of these a greater number of individuals will expect to rise .
From the gift of these a greater number of offices and emoluments will flow .
By the superintending care of these , all the more domestic and personal interests of the people will be regulated and provided for .
With the affairs of these , the people will be more familiarly and minutely conversant .
And with the members of these , will a greater proportion of the people have the ties of personal acquaintance and friendship , and of family and party attachments ; on the side of these , therefore , the popular bias may well be expected most strongly to incline .
Experience speaks the same language in this case .
It was engaged , too , in a course of measures which had for their object the protection of everything that was dear , and the acquisition of everything that could be desirable to the people at large .
The remaining points on which I propose to compare the federal and State governments , are the disposition and the faculty they may respectively possess , to resist and frustrate the measures of each other .
It has been already proved that the members of the federal will be more dependent on the members of the State governments , than the latter will be on the former .
It has appeared also , that the prepossessions of the people , on whom both will depend , will be more on the side of the State governments , than of the federal government .
So far as the disposition of each towards the other may be influenced by these causes , the State governments must clearly have the advantage .
But in a distinct and very important point of view , the advantage will lie on the same side .
The prepossessions , which the members themselves will carry into the federal government , will generally be favorable to the States ; whilst it will rarely happen , that the members of the State governments will carry into the public councils a bias in favor of the general government .
A local spirit will infallibly prevail much more in the members of Congress , than a national spirit will prevail in the legislatures of the particular States .
Every one knows that a great proportion of the errors committed by the State legislatures proceeds from the disposition of the members to sacrifice the comprehensive and permanent interest of the State , to the particular and separate views of the counties or districts in which they reside .
For the same reason that the members of the State legislatures will be unlikely to attach themselves sufficiently to national objects , the members of the federal legislature will be likely to attach themselves too much to local objects .
The States will be to the latter what counties and towns are to the former .
Measures will too often be decided according to their probable effect , not on the national prosperity and happiness , but on the prejudices , interests , and pursuits of the governments and people of the individual States .
What is the spirit that has in general characterized the proceedings of Congress ?
The motives on the part of the State governments , to augment their prerogatives by defalcations from the federal government , will be overruled by no reciprocal predispositions in the members .
Were it admitted , however , that the Federal government may feel an equal disposition with the State governments to extend its power beyond the due limits , the latter would still have the advantage in the means of defeating such encroachments .
But ambitious encroachments of the federal government , on the authority of the State governments , would not excite the opposition of a single State , or of a few States only .
They would be signals of general alarm .
Every government would espouse the common cause .
A correspondence would be opened .
Plans of resistance would be concerted .
One spirit would animate and conduct the whole .
But what degree of madness could ever drive the federal government to such an extremity .
In the contest with Great Britain , one part of the empire was employed against the other .
The more numerous part invaded the rights of the less numerous part .
The attempt was unjust and unwise ; but it was not in speculation absolutely chimerical .
But what would be the contest in the case we are supposing ?
Who would be the parties ?
A few representatives of the people would be opposed to the people themselves ; or rather one set of representatives would be contending against thirteen sets of representatives , with the whole body of their common constituents on the side of the latter .
The only refuge left for those who prophesy the downfall of the State governments is the visionary supposition that the federal government may previously accumulate a military force for the projects of ambition .
The reasonings contained in these papers must have been employed to little purpose indeed , if it could be necessary now to disprove the reality of this danger .
Extravagant as the supposition is , let it however be made .
The highest number to which , according to the best computation , a standing army can be carried in any country , does not exceed one hundredth part of the whole number of souls ; or one twenty-fifth part of the number able to bear arms .
This proportion would not yield , in the United States , an army of more than twenty-five or thirty thousand men .
To these would be opposed a militia amounting to near half a million of citizens with arms in their hands , officered by men chosen from among themselves , fighting for their common liberties , and united and conducted by governments possessing their affections and confidence .
It may well be doubted , whether a militia thus circumstanced could ever be conquered by such a proportion of regular troops .
Those who are best acquainted with the last successful resistance of this country against the British arms , will be most inclined to deny the possibility of it .
Notwithstanding the military establishments in the several kingdoms of Europe , which are carried as far as the public resources will bear , the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms .
And it is not certain , that with this aid alone they would not be able to shake off their yokes .
Let us rather no longer insult them with the supposition that they can ever reduce themselves to the necessity of making the experiment , by a blind and tame submission to the long train of insidious measures which must precede and produce it .
The argument under the present head may be put into a very concise form , which appears altogether conclusive .
Either the mode in which the federal government is to be constructed will render it sufficiently dependent on the people , or it will not .
On the first supposition , it will be restrained by that dependence from forming schemes obnoxious to their constituents .
On the other supposition , it will not possess the confidence of the people , and its schemes of usurpation will be easily defeated by the State governments , who will be supported by the people .
The Particular Structure of the New Government and the Distribution of Power Among Its Different Parts From the New York Packet .
Friday , February 1 , 1788 .
One of the principal objections inculcated by the more respectable adversaries to the Constitution , is its supposed violation of the political maxim , that the legislative , executive , and judiciary departments ought to be separate and distinct .
In the structure of the federal government , no regard , it is said , seems to have been paid to this essential precaution in favor of liberty .
The several departments of power are distributed and blended in such a manner as at once to destroy all symmetry and beauty of form , and to expose some of the essential parts of the edifice to the danger of being crushed by the disproportionate weight of other parts .
No political truth is certainly of greater intrinsic value , or is stamped with the authority of more enlightened patrons of liberty , than that on which the objection is founded .
The accumulation of all powers , legislative , executive , and judiciary , in the same hands , whether of one , a few , or many , and whether hereditary , selfappointed , or elective , may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny .
Were the federal Constitution , therefore , really chargeable with the accumulation of power , or with a mixture of powers , having a dangerous tendency to such an accumulation , no further arguments would be necessary to inspire a universal reprobation of the system .
I persuade myself , however , that it will be made apparent to every one , that the charge cannot be supported , and that the maxim on which it relies has been totally misconceived and misapplied .
In order to form correct ideas on this important subject , it will be proper to investigate the sense in which the preservation of liberty requires that the three great departments of power should be separate and distinct .
The oracle who is always consulted and cited on this subject is the celebrated Montesquieu .
If he be not the author of this invaluable precept in the science of politics , he has the merit at least of displaying and recommending it most effectually to the attention of mankind .
Let us endeavor , in the first place , to ascertain his meaning on this point .
The British Constitution was to Montesquieu what Homer has been to the didactic writers on epic poetry .
That we may be sure , then , not to mistake his meaning in this case , let us recur to the source from which the maxim was drawn .
On the slightest view of the British Constitution , we must perceive that the legislative , executive , and judiciary departments are by no means totally separate and distinct from each other .
The executive magistrate forms an integral part of the legislative authority .
He alone has the prerogative of making treaties with foreign sovereigns , which , when made , have , under certain limitations , the force of legislative acts .
All the members of the judiciary department are appointed by him , can be removed by him on the address of the two Houses of Parliament , and form , when he pleases to consult them , one of his constitutional councils .
One branch of the legislative department forms also a great constitutional council to the executive chief , as , on another hand , it is the sole depositary of judicial power in cases of impeachment , and is invested with the supreme appellate jurisdiction in all other cases .
The judges , again , are so far connected with the legislative department as often to attend and participate in its deliberations , though not admitted to a legislative vote .
This , however , is not among the vices of that constitution .
The magistrate in whom the whole executive power resides cannot of himself make a law , though he can put a negative on every law ; nor administer justice in person , though he has the appointment of those who do administer it .
The judges can exercise no executive prerogative , though they are shoots from the executive stock ; nor any legislative function , though they may be advised with by the legislative councils .
The entire legislature can perform no judiciary act , though by the joint act of two of its branches the judges may be removed from their offices , and though one of its branches is possessed of the judicial power in the last resort .
The entire legislature , again , can exercise no executive prerogative , though one of its branches constitutes the supreme executive magistracy , and another , on the impeachment of a third , can try and condemn all the subordinate officers in the executive department .
The reasons on which Montesquieu grounds his maxim are a further demonstration of his meaning . "
When the legislative and executive powers are united in the same person or body , " says he , " there can be no liberty , because apprehensions may arise lest THE SAME monarch or senate should ENACT tyrannical laws to EXECUTE them in a tyrannical manner . "
Again : " Were the power of judging joined with the legislative , the life and liberty of the subject would be exposed to arbitrary control , for THE JUDGE would then be THE LEGISLATOR .
Were it joined to the executive power , THE JUDGE might behave with all the violence of AN OPPRESSOR . "
Some of these reasons are more fully explained in other passages ; but briefly stated as they are here , they sufficiently establish the meaning which we have put on this celebrated maxim of this celebrated author .
Her constitution accordingly mixes these departments in several respects .
The Senate , which is a branch of the legislative department , is also a judicial tribunal for the trial of impeachments .
The President , who is the head of the executive department , is the presiding member also of the Senate ; and , besides an equal vote in all cases , has a casting vote in case of a tie .
The executive head is himself eventually elective every year by the legislative department , and his council is every year chosen by and from the members of the same department .
Several of the officers of state are also appointed by the legislature .
And the members of the judiciary department are appointed by the executive department .
The constitution of Massachusetts has observed a sufficient though less pointed caution , in expressing this fundamental article of liberty .
This declaration corresponds precisely with the doctrine of Montesquieu , as it has been explained , and is not in a single point violated by the plan of the convention .
It goes no farther than to prohibit any one of the entire departments from exercising the powers of another department .
In the very Constitution to which it is prefixed , a partial mixture of powers has been admitted .
The executive magistrate has a qualified negative on the legislative body , and the Senate , which is a part of the legislature , is a court of impeachment for members both of the executive and judiciary departments .
The members of the judiciary department , again , are appointable by the executive department , and removable by the same authority on the address of the two legislative branches .
Lastly , a number of the officers of government are annually appointed by the legislative department .
As the appointment to offices , particularly executive offices , is in its nature an executive function , the compilers of the Constitution have , in this last point at least , violated the rule established by themselves .
I pass over the constitutions of Rhode Island and Connecticut , because they were formed prior to the Revolution , and even before the principle under examination had become an object of political attention .
The constitution of New York contains no declaration on this subject ; but appears very clearly to have been framed with an eye to the danger of improperly blending the different departments .
It gives , nevertheless , to the executive magistrate , a partial control over the legislative department ; and , what is more , gives a like control to the judiciary department ; and even blends the executive and judiciary departments in the exercise of this control .
In its council of appointment members of the legislative are associated with the executive authority , in the appointment of officers , both executive and judiciary .
And its court for the trial of impeachments and correction of errors is to consist of one branch of the legislature and the principal members of the judiciary department .
The constitution of New Jersey has blended the different powers of government more than any of the preceding .
The same legislative branch acts again as executive council of the governor , and with him constitutes the Court of Appeals .
The members of the judiciary department are appointed by the legislative department and removable by one branch of it , on the impeachment of the other .
According to the constitution of Pennsylvania , the president , who is the head of the executive department , is annually elected by a vote in which the legislative department predominates .
In conjunction with an executive council , he appoints the members of the judiciary department , and forms a court of impeachment for trial of all officers , judiciary as well as executive .
The judges of the Supreme Court and justices of the peace seem also to be removable by the legislature ; and the executive power of pardoning in certain cases , to be referred to the same department .
The members of the executive council are made EX-OFFICIO justices of peace throughout the State .
In Delaware , the chief executive magistrate is annually elected by the legislative department .
The speakers of the two legislative branches are vice-presidents in the executive department .
The executive chief , with six others , appointed , three by each of the legislative branches constitutes the Supreme Court of Appeals ; he is joined with the legislative department in the appointment of the other judges .
The principal officers of the executive department are appointed by the legislative ; and one branch of the latter forms a court of impeachments .
All officers may be removed on address of the legislature .
Maryland has adopted the maxim in the most unqualified terms ; declaring that the legislative , executive , and judicial powers of government ought to be forever separate and distinct from each other .
Her constitution , notwithstanding , makes the executive magistrate appointable by the legislative department ; and the members of the judiciary by the executive department .
The language of Virginia is still more pointed on this subject .
The executive prerogative of pardon , also , is in one case vested in the legislative department .
In South Carolina , the constitution makes the executive magistracy eligible by the legislative department .
It gives to the latter , also , the appointment of the members of the judiciary department , including even justices of the peace and sheriffs ; and the appointment of officers in the executive department , down to captains in the army and navy of the State .
Even justices of the peace are to be appointed by the legislature .
In citing these cases , in which the legislative , executive , and judiciary departments have not been kept totally separate and distinct , I wish not to be regarded as an advocate for the particular organizations of the several State governments .
I am fully aware that among the many excellent principles which they exemplify , they carry strong marks of the haste , and still stronger of the inexperience , under which they were framed .
This interesting subject will be resumed in the ensuing paper .
These Departments Should Not Be So Far Separated as to Have No Constitutional Control Over Each Other From the New York Packet .
Friday , February 1 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : IT WAS shown in the last paper that the political apothegm there examined does not require that the legislative , executive , and judiciary departments should be wholly unconnected with each other .
It is agreed on all sides , that the powers properly belonging to one of the departments ought not to be directly and completely administered by either of the other departments .
It is equally evident , that none of them ought to possess , directly or indirectly , an overruling influence over the others , in the administration of their respective powers .
It will not be denied , that power is of an encroaching nature , and that it ought to be effectually restrained from passing the limits assigned to it .
After discriminating , therefore , in theory , the several classes of power , as they may in their nature be legislative , executive , or judiciary , the next and most difficult task is to provide some practical security for each , against the invasion of the others .
What this security ought to be , is the great problem to be solved .
Will it be sufficient to mark , with precision , the boundaries of these departments , in the constitution of the government , and to trust to these parchment barriers against the encroaching spirit of power ?
This is the security which appears to have been principally relied on by the compilers of most of the American constitutions .
But experience assures us , that the efficacy of the provision has been greatly overrated ; and that some more adequate defense is indispensably necessary for the more feeble , against the more powerful , members of the government .
The legislative department is everywhere extending the sphere of its activity , and drawing all power into its impetuous vortex .
The founders of our republics have so much merit for the wisdom which they have displayed , that no task can be less pleasing than that of pointing out the errors into which they have fallen .
They seem never to have recollected the danger from legislative usurpations , which , by assembling all power in the same hands , must lead to the same tyranny as is threatened by executive usurpations .
In a government where numerous and extensive prerogatives are placed in the hands of an hereditary monarch , the executive department is very justly regarded as the source of danger , and watched with all the jealousy which a zeal for liberty ought to inspire .
The legislative department derives a superiority in our governments from other circumstances .
Its constitutional powers being at once more extensive , and less susceptible of precise limits , it can , with the greater facility , mask , under complicated and indirect measures , the encroachments which it makes on the co-ordinate departments .
It is not unfrequently a question of real nicety in legislative bodies , whether the operation of a particular measure will , or will not , extend beyond the legislative sphere .
On the other side , the executive power being restrained within a narrower compass , and being more simple in its nature , and the judiciary being described by landmarks still less uncertain , projects of usurpation by either of these departments would immediately betray and defeat themselves .
I have appealed to our own experience for the truth of what I advance on this subject .
Were it necessary to verify this experience by particular proofs , they might be multiplied without end .
I might find a witness in every citizen who has shared in , or been attentive to , the course of public administrations .
I might collect vouchers in abundance from the records and archives of every State in the Union .
But as a more concise , and at the same time equally satisfactory , evidence , I will refer to the example of two States , attested by two unexceptionable authorities .
The first example is that of Virginia , a State which , as we have seen , has expressly declared in its constitution , that the three great departments ought not to be intermixed .
The authority in support of it is Mr. Jefferson , who , besides his other advantages for remarking the operation of the government , was himself the chief magistrate of it .
In order to convey fully the ideas with which his experience had impressed him on this subject , it will be necessary to quote a passage of some length from his very interesting " Notes on the State of Virginia , " p .
All the powers of government , legislative , executive , and judiciary , result to the legislative body .
The concentrating these in the same hands , is precisely the definition of despotic government .
It will be no alleviation , that these powers will be exercised by a plurality of hands , and not by a single one .
One hundred and seventy-three despots would surely be as oppressive as one .
Let those who doubt it , turn their eyes on the republic of Venice .
As little will it avail us , that they are chosen by ourselves .
BUT NO BARRIER WAS PROVIDED BETWEEN THESE SEVERAL POWERS .
The judiciary and the executive members were left dependent on the legislative for their subsistence in office , and some of them for their continuance in it .
They have accordingly , IN MANY instances , DECIDED RIGHTS which should have been left to JUDICIARY CONTROVERSY , and THE DIRECTION OF THE EXECUTIVE , DURING THE WHOLE TIME OF THEIR SESSION , IS BECOMING HABITUAL AND FAMILIAR . "
The other State which I shall take for an example is Pennsylvania ; and the other authority , the Council of Censors , which assembled in the years 1783 and 1784 .
The constitutional trial by jury had been violated , and powers assumed which had not been delegated by the constitution .
Executive powers had been usurped .
The salaries of the judges , which the constitution expressly requires to be fixed , had been occasionally varied ; and cases belonging to the judiciary department frequently drawn within legislative cognizance and determination .
Those who wish to see the several particulars falling under each of these heads , may consult the journals of the council , which are in print .
Some of them , it will be found , may be imputable to peculiar circumstances connected with the war ; but the greater part of them may be considered as the spontaneous shoots of an ill-constituted government .
It appears , also , that the executive department had not been innocent of frequent breaches of the constitution .
In this respect , it has as much affinity to a legislative assembly as to an executive council .
Method of Guarding Against the Encroachments of Any One Department of Government by Appealing to the People Through a Convention From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , February 5 , 1788 .
There is certainly great force in this reasoning , and it must be allowed to prove that a constitutional road to the decision of the people ought to be marked out and kept open , for certain great and extraordinary occasions .
But there appear to be insuperable objections against the proposed recurrence to the people , as a provision in all cases for keeping the several departments of power within their constitutional limits .
In the first place , the provision does not reach the case of a combination of two of the departments against the third .
I do not dwell , however , on this objection , because it may be thought to be rather against the modification of the principle , than against the principle itself .
If it be true that all governments rest on opinion , it is no less true that the strength of opinion in each individual , and its practical influence on his conduct , depend much on the number which he supposes to have entertained the same opinion .
The reason of man , like man himself , is timid and cautious when left alone , and acquires firmness and confidence in proportion to the number with which it is associated .
When the examples which fortify opinion are ANCIENT as well as NUMEROUS , they are known to have a double effect .
In a nation of philosophers , this consideration ought to be disregarded .
A reverence for the laws would be sufficiently inculcated by the voice of an enlightened reason .
But a nation of philosophers is as little to be expected as the philosophical race of kings wished for by Plato .
And in every other nation , the most rational government will not find it a superfluous advantage to have the prejudices of the community on its side .
The danger of disturbing the public tranquillity by interesting too strongly the public passions , is a still more serious objection against a frequent reference of constitutional questions to the decision of the whole society .
Notwithstanding the success which has attended the revisions of our established forms of government , and which does so much honor to the virtue and intelligence of the people of America , it must be confessed that the experiments are of too ticklish a nature to be unnecessarily multiplied .
The future situations in which we must expect to be usually placed , do not present any equivalent security against the danger which is apprehended .
But the greatest objection of all is , that the decisions which would probably result from such appeals would not answer the purpose of maintaining the constitutional equilibrium of the government .
We have seen that the tendency of republican governments is to an aggrandizement of the legislative at the expense of the other departments .
The appeals to the people , therefore , would usually be made by the executive and judiciary departments .
But whether made by one side or the other , would each side enjoy equal advantages on the trial ?
Let us view their different situations .
The members of the executive and judiciary departments are few in number , and can be personally known to a small part only of the people .
The latter , by the mode of their appointment , as well as by the nature and permanency of it , are too far removed from the people to share much in their prepossessions .
The former are generally the objects of jealousy , and their administration is always liable to be discolored and rendered unpopular .
The members of the legislative department , on the other hand , are numberous .
They are distributed and dwell among the people at large .
Their connections of blood , of friendship , and of acquaintance embrace a great proportion of the most influential part of the society .
The nature of their public trust implies a personal influence among the people , and that they are more immediately the confidential guardians of the rights and liberties of the people .
With these advantages , it can hardly be supposed that the adverse party would have an equal chance for a favorable issue .
But the legislative party would not only be able to plead their cause most successfully with the people .
They would probably be constituted themselves the judges .
The same influence which had gained them an election into the legislature , would gain them a seat in the convention .
If this should not be the case with all , it would probably be the case with many , and pretty certainly with those leading characters , on whom every thing depends in such bodies .
The convention , in short , would be composed chiefly of men who had been , who actually were , or who expected to be , members of the department whose conduct was arraigned .
They would consequently be parties to the very question to be decided by them .
It might , however , sometimes happen , that appeals would be made under circumstances less adverse to the executive and judiciary departments .
The usurpations of the legislature might be so flagrant and so sudden , as to admit of no specious coloring .
A strong party among themselves might take side with the other branches .
The executive power might be in the hands of a peculiar favorite of the people .
In such a posture of things , the public decision might be less swayed by prepossessions in favor of the legislative party .
But still it could never be expected to turn on the true merits of the question .
It would inevitably be connected with the spirit of pre-existing parties , or of parties springing out of the question itself .
It would be connected with persons of distinguished character and extensive influence in the community .
It would be pronounced by the very men who had been agents in , or opponents of , the measures to which the decision would relate .
The PASSIONS , therefore , not the REASON , of the public would sit in judgment .
But it is the reason , alone , of the public , that ought to control and regulate the government .
The passions ought to be controlled and regulated by the government .
We found in the last paper , that mere declarations in the written constitution are not sufficient to restrain the several departments within their legal rights .
It appears in this , that occasional appeals to the people would be neither a proper nor an effectual provision for that purpose .
How far the provisions of a different nature contained in the plan above quoted might be adequate , I do not examine .
Some of them are unquestionably founded on sound political principles , and all of them are framed with singular ingenuity and precision .
Periodical Appeals to the People Considered From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , February 5 , 1788 .
It will be attended to , that in the examination of these expedients , I confine myself to their aptitude for ENFORCING the Constitution , by keeping the several departments of power within their due bounds , without particularly considering them as provisions for ALTERING the Constitution itself .
In the first view , appeals to the people at fixed periods appear to be nearly as ineligible as appeals on particular occasions as they emerge .
If the periods be separated by short intervals , the measures to be reviewed and rectified will have been of recent date , and will be connected with all the circumstances which tend to vitiate and pervert the result of occasional revisions .
If the periods be distant from each other , the same remark will be applicable to all recent measures ; and in proportion as the remoteness of the others may favor a dispassionate review of them , this advantage is inseparable from inconveniences which seem to counterbalance it .
In the first place , a distant prospect of public censure would be a very feeble restraint on power from those excesses to which it might be urged by the force of present motives .
In the next place , the abuses would often have completed their mischievous effects before the remedial provision would be applied .
And in the last place , where this might not be the case , they would be of long standing , would have taken deep root , and would not easily be extirpated .
The scheme of revising the constitution , in order to correct recent breaches of it , as well as for other purposes , has been actually tried in one of the States .
One of the objects of the Council of Censors which met in Pennsylvania in 1783 and 1784 , was , as we have seen , to inquire , " whether the constitution had been violated , and whether the legislative and executive departments had encroached upon each other . "
This important and novel experiment in politics merits , in several points of view , very particular attention .
In some of them it may , perhaps , as a single experiment , made under circumstances somewhat peculiar , be thought to be not absolutely conclusive .
But as applied to the case under consideration , it involves some facts , which I venture to remark , as a complete and satisfactory illustration of the reasoning which I have employed .
It appears , from the names of the gentlemen who composed the council , that some , at least , of its most active members had also been active and leading characters in the parties which pre-existed in the State .
Two of the members had been vice-presidents of the State , and several other members of the executive council , within the seven preceding years .
One of them had been speaker , and a number of others distinguished members , of the legislative assembly within the same period .
Every page of their proceedings witnesses the effect of all these circumstances on the temper of their deliberations .
Throughout the continuance of the council , it was split into two fixed and violent parties .
The fact is acknowledged and lamented by themselves .
Had this not been the case , the face of their proceedings exhibits a proof equally satisfactory .
In all questions , however unimportant in themselves , or unconnected with each other , the same names stand invariably contrasted on the opposite columns .
Every unbiased observer may infer , without danger of mistake , and at the same time without meaning to reflect on either party , or any individuals of either party , that , unfortunately , PASSION , not REASON , must have presided over their decisions .
When men exercise their reason coolly and freely on a variety of distinct questions , they inevitably fall into different opinions on some of them .
When they are governed by a common passion , their opinions , if they are so to be called , will be the same .
It is at least problematical , whether the decisions of this body do not , in several instances , misconstrue the limits prescribed for the legislative and executive departments , instead of reducing and limiting them within their constitutional places .
I have never understood that the decisions of the council on constitutional questions , whether rightly or erroneously formed , have had any effect in varying the practice founded on legislative constructions .
It even appears , if I mistake not , that in one instance the contemporary legislature denied the constructions of the council , and actually prevailed in the contest .
This censorial body , therefore , proves at the same time , by its researches , the existence of the disease , and by its example , the inefficacy of the remedy .
This conclusion cannot be invalidated by alleging that the State in which the experiment was made was at that crisis , and had been for a long time before , violently heated and distracted by the rage of party .
Is it to be presumed , that at any future septennial epoch the same State will be free from parties ?
Is it to be presumed that any other State , at the same or any other given period , will be exempt from them ?
Such an event ought to be neither presumed nor desired ; because an extinction of parties necessarily implies either a universal alarm for the public safety , or an absolute extinction of liberty .
Were the precaution taken of excluding from the assemblies elected by the people , to revise the preceding administration of the government , all persons who should have been concerned with the government within the given period , the difficulties would not be obviated .
The important task would probably devolve on men , who , with inferior capacities , would in other respects be little better qualified .
Although they might not have been personally concerned in the administration , and therefore not immediately agents in the measures to be examined , they would probably have been involved in the parties connected with these measures , and have been elected under their auspices .
The Structure of the Government Must Furnish the Proper Checks and Balances Between the Different Departments From the New York Packet .
Friday , February 8 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : TO WHAT expedient , then , shall we finally resort , for maintaining in practice the necessary partition of power among the several departments , as laid down in the Constitution ?
Were this principle rigorously adhered to , it would require that all the appointments for the supreme executive , legislative , and judiciary magistracies should be drawn from the same fountain of authority , the people , through channels having no communication whatever with one another .
Perhaps such a plan of constructing the several departments would be less difficult in practice than it may in contemplation appear .
Some difficulties , however , and some additional expense would attend the execution of it .
Some deviations , therefore , from the principle must be admitted .
It is equally evident , that the members of each department should be as little dependent as possible on those of the others , for the emoluments annexed to their offices .
Were the executive magistrate , or the judges , not independent of the legislature in this particular , their independence in every other would be merely nominal .
But the great security against a gradual concentration of the several powers in the same department , consists in giving to those who administer each department the necessary constitutional means and personal motives to resist encroachments of the others .
The provision for defense must in this , as in all other cases , be made commensurate to the danger of attack .
Ambition must be made to counteract ambition .
The interest of the man must be connected with the constitutional rights of the place .
It may be a reflection on human nature , that such devices should be necessary to control the abuses of government .
But what is government itself , but the greatest of all reflections on human nature ?
If men were angels , no government would be necessary .
If angels were to govern men , neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary .
In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men , the great difficulty lies in this : you must first enable the government to control the governed ; and in the next place oblige it to control itself .
A dependence on the people is , no doubt , the primary control on the government ; but experience has taught mankind the necessity of auxiliary precautions .
This policy of supplying , by opposite and rival interests , the defect of better motives , might be traced through the whole system of human affairs , private as well as public .
These inventions of prudence cannot be less requisite in the distribution of the supreme powers of the State .
But it is not possible to give to each department an equal power of self-defense .
In republican government , the legislative authority necessarily predominates .
It may even be necessary to guard against dangerous encroachments by still further precautions .
As the weight of the legislative authority requires that it should be thus divided , the weakness of the executive may require , on the other hand , that it should be fortified .
An absolute negative on the legislature appears , at first view , to be the natural defense with which the executive magistrate should be armed .
But perhaps it would be neither altogether safe nor alone sufficient .
On ordinary occasions it might not be exerted with the requisite firmness , and on extraordinary occasions it might be perfidiously abused .
There are , moreover , two considerations particularly applicable to the federal system of America , which place that system in a very interesting point of view .
In a single republic , all the power surrendered by the people is submitted to the administration of a single government ; and the usurpations are guarded against by a division of the government into distinct and separate departments .
In the compound republic of America , the power surrendered by the people is first divided between two distinct governments , and then the portion allotted to each subdivided among distinct and separate departments .
Hence a double security arises to the rights of the people .
The different governments will control each other , at the same time that each will be controlled by itself .
It is of great importance in a republic not only to guard the society against the oppression of its rulers , but to guard one part of the society against the injustice of the other part .
Different interests necessarily exist in different classes of citizens .
If a majority be united by a common interest , the rights of the minority will be insecure .
The first method prevails in all governments possessing an hereditary or self-appointed authority .
This , at best , is but a precarious security ; because a power independent of the society may as well espouse the unjust views of the major , as the rightful interests of the minor party , and may possibly be turned against both parties .
The second method will be exemplified in the federal republic of the United States .
In a free government the security for civil rights must be the same as that for religious rights .
It consists in the one case in the multiplicity of interests , and in the other in the multiplicity of sects .
The degree of security in both cases will depend on the number of interests and sects ; and this may be presumed to depend on the extent of country and number of people comprehended under the same government .
Justice is the end of government .
It is the end of civil society .
It ever has been and ever will be pursued until it be obtained , or until liberty be lost in the pursuit .
It is no less certain than it is important , notwithstanding the contrary opinions which have been entertained , that the larger the society , provided it lie within a practical sphere , the more duly capable it will be of self-government .
And happily for the REPUBLICAN CAUSE , the practicable sphere may be carried to a very great extent , by a judicious modification and mixture of the FEDERAL PRINCIPLE .
The House of Representatives From the New York Packet .
Friday , February 8 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : FROM the more general inquiries pursued in the four last papers , I pass on to a more particular examination of the several parts of the government .
I shall begin with the House of Representatives .
The first view to be taken of this part of the government relates to the qualifications of the electors and the elected .
Those of the former are to be the same with those of the electors of the most numerous branch of the State legislatures .
The definition of the right of suffrage is very justly regarded as a fundamental article of republican government .
It was incumbent on the convention , therefore , to define and establish this right in the Constitution .
To have left it open for the occasional regulation of the Congress , would have been improper for the reason just mentioned .
To have reduced the different qualifications in the different States to one uniform rule , would probably have been as dissatisfactory to some of the States as it would have been difficult to the convention .
The provision made by the convention appears , therefore , to be the best that lay within their option .
It must be satisfactory to every State , because it is conformable to the standard already established , or which may be established , by the State itself .
The qualifications of the elected , being less carefully and properly defined by the State constitutions , and being at the same time more susceptible of uniformity , have been very properly considered and regulated by the convention .
Under these reasonable limitations , the door of this part of the federal government is open to merit of every description , whether native or adoptive , whether young or old , and without regard to poverty or wealth , or to any particular profession of religious faith .
The term for which the representatives are to be elected falls under a second view which may be taken of this branch .
In order to decide on the propriety of this article , two questions must be considered : first , whether biennial elections will , in this case , be safe ; secondly , whether they be necessary or useful .
As it is essential to liberty that the government in general should have a common interest with the people , so it is particularly essential that the branch of it under consideration should have an immediate dependence on , and an intimate sympathy with , the people .
Frequent elections are unquestionably the only policy by which this dependence and sympathy can be effectually secured .
But what particular degree of frequency may be absolutely necessary for the purpose , does not appear to be susceptible of any precise calculation , and must depend on a variety of circumstances with which it may be connected .
Let us consult experience , the guide that ought always to be followed whenever it can be found .
The scheme of representation , as a substitute for a meeting of the citizens in person , being at most but very imperfectly known to ancient polity , it is in more modern times only that we are to expect instructive examples .
And even here , in order to avoid a research too vague and diffusive , it will be proper to confine ourselves to the few examples which are best known , and which bear the greatest analogy to our particular case .
The first to which this character ought to be applied , is the House of Commons in Great Britain .
The history of this branch of the English Constitution , anterior to the date of Magna Charta , is too obscure to yield instruction .
The very existence of it has been made a question among political antiquaries .
The earliest records of subsequent date prove that parliaments were to SIT only every year ; not that they were to be ELECTED every year .
And even these annual sessions were left so much at the discretion of the monarch , that , under various pretexts , very long and dangerous intermissions were often contrived by royal ambition .
To remedy this grievance , it was provided by a statute in the reign of Charles II . , that the intermissions should not be protracted beyond a period of three years .
On the accession of William III . , when a revolution took place in the government , the subject was still more seriously resumed , and it was declared to be among the fundamental rights of the people that parliaments ought to be held FREQUENTLY .
The last change , from three to seven years , is well known to have been introduced pretty early in the present century , under on alarm for the Hanoverian succession .
From these facts it appears that the greatest frequency of elections which has been deemed necessary in that kingdom , for binding the representatives to their constituents , does not exceed a triennial return of them .
Elections in Ireland , till of late , were regulated entirely by the discretion of the crown , and were seldom repeated , except on the accession of a new prince , or some other contingent event .
The parliament which commenced with George II . was continued throughout his whole reign , a period of about thirty-five years .
The only dependence of the representatives on the people consisted in the right of the latter to supply occasional vacancies by the election of new members , and in the chance of some event which might produce a general new election .
The ability also of the Irish parliament to maintain the rights of their constituents , so far as the disposition might exist , was extremely shackled by the control of the crown over the subjects of their deliberation .
Of late these shackles , if I mistake not , have been broken ; and octennial parliaments have besides been established .
What effect may be produced by this partial reform , must be left to further experience .
The example of Ireland , from this view of it , can throw but little light on the subject .
Let us bring our inquiries nearer home .
The example of these States , when British colonies , claims particular attention , at the same time that it is so well known as to require little to be said on it .
The principle of representation , in one branch of the legislature at least , was established in all of them .
But the periods of election were different .
They varied from one to seven years .
Have we any reason to infer , from the spirit and conduct of the representatives of the people , prior to the Revolution , that biennial elections would have been dangerous to the public liberties ?
In Virginia , nevertheless , if I have not been misinformed , elections under the former government were septennial .
The conclusion resulting from these examples will be not a little strengthened by recollecting three circumstances .
The first is , that the federal legislature will possess a part only of that supreme legislative authority which is vested completely in the British Parliament ; and which , with a few exceptions , was exercised by the colonial assemblies and the Irish legislature .
It is a received and well-founded maxim , that where no other circumstances affect the case , the greater the power is , the shorter ought to be its duration ; and , conversely , the smaller the power , the more safely may its duration be protracted .
With less power , therefore , to abuse , the federal representatives can be less tempted on one side , and will be doubly watched on the other .
The Same Subject Continued ( The House of Representatives ) From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , February 12 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : I SHALL here , perhaps , be reminded of a current observation , " that where annual elections end , tyranny begins . "
If it be true , as has often been remarked , that sayings which become proverbial are generally founded in reason , it is not less true , that when once established , they are often applied to cases to which the reason of them does not extend .
I need not look for a proof beyond the case before us .
What is the reason on which this proverbial observation is founded ?
No man will subject himself to the ridicule of pretending that any natural connection subsists between the sun or the seasons , and the period within which human virtue can bear the temptations of power .
Happily for mankind , liberty is not , in this respect , confined to any single point of time ; but lies within extremes , which afford sufficient latitude for all the variations which may be required by the various situations and circumstances of civil society .
Turning our attention to the periods established among ourselves , for the election of the most numerous branches of the State legislatures , we find them by no means coinciding any more in this instance , than in the elections of other civil magistrates .
In Connecticut and Rhode Island , the periods are half-yearly .
In the other States , South Carolina excepted , they are annual .
In South Carolina they are biennial as is proposed in the federal government .
In searching for the grounds of this doctrine , I can discover but one , and that is wholly inapplicable to our case .
The important distinction so well understood in America , between a Constitution established by the people and unalterable by the government , and a law established by the government and alterable by the government , seems to have been little understood and less observed in any other country .
Wherever the supreme power of legislation has resided , has been supposed to reside also a full power to change the form of the government .
They have accordingly , in several instances , actually changed , by legislative acts , some of the most fundamental articles of the government .
An attention to these dangerous practices has produced a very natural alarm in the votaries of free government , of which frequency of elections is the corner-stone ; and has led them to seek for some security to liberty , against the danger to which it is exposed .
Where no Constitution , paramount to the government , either existed or could be obtained , no constitutional security , similar to that established in the United States , was to be attempted .
But what necessity can there be of applying this expedient to a government limited , as the federal government will be , by the authority of a paramount Constitution ?
The second question stated is , whether biennial elections be necessary or useful .
The propriety of answering this question in the affirmative will appear from several very obvious considerations .
No man can be a competent legislator who does not add to an upright intention and a sound judgment a certain degree of knowledge of the subjects on which he is to legislate .
A part of this knowledge may be acquired by means of information which lie within the compass of men in private as well as public stations .
Another part can only be attained , or at least thoroughly attained , by actual experience in the station which requires the use of it .
The period of service , ought , therefore , in all such cases , to bear some proportion to the extent of practical knowledge requisite to the due performance of the service .
The period of legislative service established in most of the States for the more numerous branch is , as we have seen , one year .
The question then may be put into this simple form : does the period of two years bear no greater proportion to the knowledge requisite for federal legislation than one year does to the knowledge requisite for State legislation ?
The very statement of the question , in this form , suggests the answer that ought to be given to it .
The great theatre of the United States presents a very different scene .
Yet some knowledge of the affairs , and even of the laws , of all the States , ought to be possessed by the members from each of the States .
How can foreign trade be properly regulated by uniform laws , without some acquaintance with the commerce , the ports , the usages , and the regulatious of the different States ?
How can the trade between the different States be duly regulated , without some knowledge of their relative situations in these and other respects ?
How can taxes be judiciously imposed and effectually collected , if they be not accommodated to the different laws and local circumstances relating to these objects in the different States ?
How can uniform regulations for the militia be duly provided , without a similar knowledge of many internal circumstances by which the States are distinguished from each other ?
These are the principal objects of federal legislation , and suggest most forcibly the extensive information which the representatives ought to acquire .
The other interior objects will require a proportional degree of information with regard to them .
It is true that all these difficulties will , by degrees , be very much diminished .
The most laborious task will be the proper inauguration of the government and the primeval formation of a federal code .
Improvements on the first draughts will every year become both easier and fewer .
Past transactions of the government will be a ready and accurate source of information to new members .
The affairs of the Union will become more and more objects of curiosity and conversation among the citizens at large .
And the increased intercourse among those of different States will contribute not a little to diffuse a mutual knowledge of their affairs , as this again will contribute to a general assimilation of their manners and laws .
But with all these abatements , the business of federal legislation must continue so far to exceed , both in novelty and difficulty , the legislative business of a single State , as to justify the longer period of service assigned to those who are to transact it .
A branch of knowledge which belongs to the acquirements of a federal representative , and which has not been mentioned is that of foreign affairs .
In regulating our own commerce he ought to be not only acquainted with the treaties between the United States and other nations , but also with the commercial policy and laws of other nations .
He ought not to be altogether ignorant of the law of nations ; for that , as far as it is a proper object of municipal legislation , is submitted to the federal government .
There are other considerations , of less importance , perhaps , but which are not unworthy of notice .
The distance which many of the representatives will be obliged to travel , and the arrangements rendered necessary by that circumstance , might be much more serious objections with fit men to this service , if limited to a single year , than if extended to two years .
No argument can be drawn on this subject , from the case of the delegates to the existing Congress .
They are elected annually , it is true ; but their re-election is considered by the legislative assemblies almost as a matter of course .
The election of the representatives by the people would not be governed by the same principle .
A few of the members , as happens in all such assemblies , will possess superior talents ; will , by frequent reelections , become members of long standing ; will be thoroughly masters of the public business , and perhaps not unwilling to avail themselves of those advantages .
The greater the proportion of new members , and the less the information of the bulk of the members the more apt will they be to fall into the snares that may be laid for them .
This remark is no less applicable to the relation which will subsist between the House of Representatives and the Senate .
If a return can be obtained , no matter by what unlawful means , the irregular member , who takes his seat of course , is sure of holding it a sufficient time to answer his purposes .
Hence , a very pernicious encouragement is given to the use of unlawful means , for obtaining irregular returns .
Were elections for the federal legislature to be annual , this practice might become a very serious abuse , particularly in the more distant States .
All these considerations taken together warrant us in affirming , that biennial elections will be as useful to the affairs of the public as we have seen that they will be safe to the liberty of the people .
The Apportionment of Members Among the States
From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , February 12 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : THE next view which I shall take of the House of Representatives relates to the appointment of its members to the several States which is to be determined by the same rule with that of direct taxes .
It is not contended that the number of people in each State ought not to be the standard for regulating the proportion of those who are to represent the people of each State .
The establishment of the same rule for the appointment of taxes , will probably be as little contested ; though the rule itself in this case , is by no means founded on the same principle .
In the former case , the rule is understood to refer to the personal rights of the people , with which it has a natural and universal connection .
In the latter , it has reference to the proportion of wealth , of which it is in no case a precise measure , and in ordinary cases a very unfit one .
Slaves are considered as property , not as persons .
They ought therefore to be comprehended in estimates of taxation which are founded on property , and to be excluded from representation which is regulated by a census of persons .
This is the objection , as I understand it , stated in its full force .
I shall be equally candid in stating the reasoning which may be offered on the opposite side . "
We subscribe to the doctrine , " might one of our Southern brethren observe , " that representation relates more immediately to persons , and taxation more immediately to property , and we join in the application of this distinction to the case of our slaves .
But we must deny the fact , that slaves are considered merely as property , and in no respect whatever as persons .
The true state of the case is , that they partake of both these qualities : being considered by our laws , in some respects , as persons , and in other respects as property .
The federal Constitution , therefore , decides with great propriety on the case of our slaves , when it views them in the mixed character of persons and of property .
This is in fact their true character .
This question may be placed in another light .
It is agreed on all sides , that numbers are the best scale of wealth and taxation , as they are the only proper scale of representation .
Would the convention have been impartial or consistent , if they had rejected the slaves from the list of inhabitants , when the shares of representation were to be calculated , and inserted them on the lists when the tariff of contributions was to be adjusted ?
Could it be reasonably expected , that the Southern States would concur in a system , which considered their slaves in some degree as men , when burdens were to be imposed , but refused to consider them in the same light , when advantages were to be conferred ?
It may be replied , perhaps , that slaves are not included in the estimate of representatives in any of the States possessing them .
They neither vote themselves nor increase the votes of their masters .
Upon what principle , then , ought they to be taken into the federal estimate of representation ?
In rejecting them altogether , the Constitution would , in this respect , have followed the very laws which have been appealed to as the proper guide . "
This objection is repelled by a single observation .
The qualifications on which the right of suffrage depend are not , perhaps , the same in any two States .
In some of the States the difference is very material .
In every State , a certain proportion of inhabitants are deprived of this right by the constitution of the State , who will be included in the census by which the federal Constitution apportions the representatives .
A rigorous adherence , however , to this principle , is waived by those who would be gainers by it .
All that they ask is that equal moderation be shown on the other side .
Let the case of the slaves be considered , as it is in truth , a peculiar one .
Let the compromising expedient of the Constitution be mutually adopted , which regards them as inhabitants , but as debased by servitude below the equal level of free inhabitants , which regards the SLAVE as divested of two fifths of the MAN . "
After all , may not another ground be taken on which this article of the Constitution will admit of a still more ready defense ?
We have hitherto proceeded on the idea that representation related to persons only , and not at all to property .
But is it a just idea ?
Government is instituted no less for protection of the property , than of the persons , of individuals .
The one as well as the other , therefore , may be considered as represented by those who are charged with the government .
In the federal Constitution , this policy does not prevail .
The rights of property are committed into the same hands with the personal rights .
Some attention ought , therefore , to be paid to property in the choice of those hands . "
For another reason , the votes allowed in the federal legislature to the people of each State , ought to bear some proportion to the comparative wealth of the States .
States have not , like individuals , an influence over each other , arising from superior advantages of fortune .
A State possesses no such influence over other States .
It is not probable that the richest State in the Confederacy will ever influence the choice of a single representative in any other State .
Nor will the representatives of the larger and richer States possess any other advantage in the federal legislature , over the representatives of other States , than what may result from their superior number alone .
As far , therefore , as their superior wealth and weight may justly entitle them to any advantage , it ought to be secured to them by a superior share of representation .
The new Constitution is , in this respect , materially different from the existing Confederation , as well as from that of the United Netherlands , and other similar confederacies .
In each of the latter , the efficacy of the federal resolutions depends on the subsequent and voluntary resolutions of the states composing the union .
Hence the states , though possessing an equal vote in the public councils , have an unequal influence , corresponding with the unequal importance of these subsequent and voluntary resolutions .
Under the proposed Constitution , the federal acts will take effect without the necessary intervention of the individual States .
In one respect , the establishment of a common measure for representation and taxation will have a very salutary effect .
Were their share of representation alone to be governed by this rule , they would have an interest in exaggerating their inhabitants .
Were the rule to decide their share of taxation alone , a contrary temptation would prevail .
By extending the rule to both objects , the States will have opposite interests , which will control and balance each other , and produce the requisite impartiality .
The Total Number of the House of Representatives From the New York Packet .
Friday , February 15 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : THE number of which the House of Representatives is to consist , forms another and a very interesting point of view , under which this branch of the federal legislature may be contemplated .
Scarce any article , indeed , in the whole Constitution seems to be rendered more worthy of attention , by the weight of character and the apparent force of argument with which it has been assailed .
Passing over the difference between the smallest and largest States , as Delaware , whose most numerous branch consists of twenty-one representatives , and Massachusetts , where it amounts to between three and four hundred , a very considerable difference is observable among States nearly equal in population .
The number of representatives in Pennsylvania is not more than one fifth of that in the State last mentioned .
New York , whose population is to that of South Carolina as six to five , has little more than one third of the number of representatives .
As great a disparity prevails between the States of Georgia and Delaware or Rhode Island .
In Pennsylvania , the representatives do not bear a greater proportion to their constituents than of one for every four or five thousand .
In Rhode Island , they bear a proportion of at least one for every thousand .
And according to the constitution of Georgia , the proportion may be carried to one to every ten electors ; and must unavoidably far exceed the proportion in any of the other States .
Another general remark to be made is , that the ratio between the representatives and the people ought not to be the same where the latter are very numerous as where they are very few .
Were the representatives in Virginia to be regulated by the standard in Rhode Island , they would , at this time , amount to between four and five hundred ; and twenty or thirty years hence , to a thousand .
On the other hand , the ratio of Pennsylvania , if applied to the State of Delaware , would reduce the representative assembly of the latter to seven or eight members .
Nothing can be more fallacious than to found our political calculations on arithmetical principles .
Sixty or seventy men may be more properly trusted with a given degree of power than six or seven .
But it does not follow that six or seven hundred would be proportionably a better depositary .
And if we carry on the supposition to six or seven thousand , the whole reasoning ought to be reversed .
In all very numerous assemblies , of whatever character composed , passion never fails to wrest the sceptre from reason .
Had every Athenian citizen been a Socrates , every Athenian assembly would still have been a mob .
It is necessary also to recollect here the observations which were applied to the case of biennial elections .
With these general ideas in our mind , let us weigh the objections which have been stated against the number of members proposed for the House of Representatives .
It is said , in the first place , that so small a number cannot be safely trusted with so much power .
The number of which this branch of the legislature is to consist , at the outset of the government , will be sixtyfive .
It will not be thought an extravagant conjecture that the first census will , at the rate of one for every thirty thousand , raise the number of representatives to at least one hundred .
Estimating the negroes in the proportion of three fifths , it can scarcely be doubted that the population of the United States will by that time , if it does not already , amount to three millions .
At the expiration of twenty-five years , according to the computed rate of increase , the number of representatives will amount to two hundred , and of fifty years , to four hundred .
This is a number which , I presume , will put an end to all fears arising from the smallness of the body .
I take for granted here what I shall , in answering the fourth objection , hereafter show , that the number of representatives will be augmented from time to time in the manner provided by the Constitution .
On a contrary supposition , I should admit the objection to have very great weight indeed .
The true question to be decided then is , whether the smallness of the number , as a temporary regulation , be dangerous to the public liberty ?
Whether sixty-five members for a few years , and a hundred or two hundred for a few more , be a safe depositary for a limited and well-guarded power of legislating for the United States ?
What change of circumstances , time , and a fuller population of our country may produce , requires a prophetic spirit to declare , which makes no part of my pretensions .
But judging from the circumstances now before us , and from the probable state of them within a moderate period of time , I must pronounce that the liberties of America cannot be unsafe in the number of hands proposed by the federal Constitution .
From what quarter can the danger proceed ?
Are we afraid of foreign gold ?
If foreign gold could so easily corrupt our federal rulers and enable them to ensnare and betray their constituents , how has it happened that we are at this time a free and independent nation ?
Yet we know by happy experience that the public trust was not betrayed ; nor has the purity of our public councils in this particular ever suffered , even from the whispers of calumny .
Is the danger apprehended from the other branches of the federal government ?
But where are the means to be found by the President , or the Senate , or both ?
The only means , then , which they can possess , will be in the dispensation of appointments .
Is it here that suspicion rests her charge ?
Sometimes we are told that this fund of corruption is to be exhausted by the President in subduing the virtue of the Senate .
Now , the fidelity of the other House is to be the victim .
The improbability of such a mercenary and perfidious combination of the several members of government , standing on as different foundations as republican principles will well admit , and at the same time accountable to the society over which they are placed , ought alone to quiet this apprehension .
But , fortunately , the Constitution has provided a still further safeguard .
The members of the Congress are rendered ineligible to any civil offices that may be created , or of which the emoluments may be increased , during the term of their election .
The sincere friends of liberty , who give themselves up to the extravagancies of this passion , are not aware of the injury they do their own cause .
As there is a degree of depravity in mankind which requires a certain degree of circumspection and distrust , so there are other qualities in human nature which justify a certain portion of esteem and confidence .
Republican government presupposes the existence of these qualities in a higher degree than any other form .
The Same Subject Continued ( The Total Number of the House of Representatives ) From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , February 19 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : THE SECOND charge against the House of Representatives is , that it will be too small to possess a due knowledge of the interests of its constituents .
It is a sound and important principle that the representative ought to be acquainted with the interests and circumstances of his constituents .
But this principle can extend no further than to those circumstances and interests to which the authority and care of the representative relate .
An ignorance of a variety of minute and particular objects , which do not lie within the compass of legislation , is consistent with every attribute necessary to a due performance of the legislative trust .
In determining the extent of information required in the exercise of a particular authority , recourse then must be had to the objects within the purview of that authority .
What are to be the objects of federal legislation ?
Those which are of most importance , and which seem most to require local knowledge , are commerce , taxation , and the militia .
A proper regulation of commerce requires much information , as has been elsewhere remarked ; but as far as this information relates to the laws and local situation of each individual State , a very few representatives would be very sufficient vehicles of it to the federal councils .
Taxation will consist , in a great measure , of duties which will be involved in the regulation of commerce .
So far the preceding remark is applicable to this object .
As far as it may consist of internal collections , a more diffusive knowledge of the circumstances of the State may be necessary .
But will not this also be possessed in sufficient degree by a very few intelligent men , diffusively elected within the State ?
Divide the largest State into ten or twelve districts , and it will be found that there will be no peculiar local interests in either , which will not be within the knowledge of the representative of the district .
Besides this source of information , the laws of the State , framed by representatives from every part of it , will be almost of themselves a sufficient guide .
Is it not evident that a degree of local information and preparatory labor would be found in the several volumes of their proceedings , which would very much shorten the labors of the general legislature , and render a much smaller number of members sufficient for it ?
The federal councils will derive great advantage from another circumstance .
The observations made on the subject of taxation apply with greater force to the case of the militia .
For however different the rules of discipline may be in different States , they are the same throughout each particular State ; and depend on circumstances which can differ but little in different parts of the same State .
This information , so far as it may relate to local objects , is rendered necessary and difficult , not by a difference of laws and local circumstances within a single State , but of those among different States .
Taking each State by itself , its laws are the same , and its interests but little diversified .
A few men , therefore , will possess all the knowledge requisite for a proper representation of them .
Were the interests and affairs of each individual State perfectly simple and uniform , a knowledge of them in one part would involve a knowledge of them in every other , and the whole State might be competently represented by a single member taken from any part of it .
On a comparison of the different States together , we find a great dissimilarity in their laws , and in many other circumstances connected with the objects of federal legislation , with all of which the federal representatives ought to have some acquaintance .
Whilst a few representatives , therefore , from each State , may bring with them a due knowledge of their own State , every representative will have much information to acquire concerning all the other States .
The changes of time , as was formerly remarked , on the comparative situation of the different States , will have an assimilating effect .
The effect of time on the internal affairs of the States , taken singly , will be just the contrary .
At present some of the States are little more than a society of husbandmen .
Few of them have made much progress in those branches of industry which give a variety and complexity to the affairs of a nation .
These , however , will in all of them be the fruits of a more advanced population , and will require , on the part of each State , a fuller representation .
The foresight of the convention has accordingly taken care that the progress of population may be accompanied with a proper increase of the representative branch of the government .
The experience of Great Britain , which presents to mankind so many political lessons , both of the monitory and exemplary kind , and which has been frequently consulted in the course of these inquiries , corroborates the result of the reflections which we have just made .
The number of inhabitants in the two kingdoms of England and Scotland cannot be stated at less than eight millions .
The representatives of these eight millions in the House of Commons amount to five hundred and fifty-eight .
Of this number , one ninth are elected by three hundred and sixty-four persons , and one half , by five thousand seven hundred and twenty-three persons .
On the contrary , it is notorious , that they are more frequently the representatives and instruments of the executive magistrate , than the guardians and advocates of the popular rights .
They might therefore , with great propriety , be considered as something more than a mere deduction from the real representatives of the nation .
We will , however , consider them in this light alone , and will not extend the deduction to a considerable number of others , who do not reside among their constitutents , are very faintly connected with them , and have very little particular knowledge of their affairs .
Burgh 's " Political Disquisitions . "
The Alleged Tendency of the New Plan to Elevate the Few at the Expense of the Many Considered in Connection with Representation From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , February 19 , 1788 .
Of all the objections which have been framed against the federal Constitution , this is perhaps the most extraordinary .
Whilst the objection itself is levelled against a pretended oligarchy , the principle of it strikes at the very root of republican government .
The elective mode of obtaining rulers is the characteristic policy of republican government .
The means relied on in this form of government for preventing their degeneracy are numerous and various .
The most effectual one , is such a limitation of the term of appointments as will maintain a proper responsibility to the people .
Let me now ask what circumstance there is in the constitution of the House of Representatives that violates the principles of republican government , or favors the elevation of the few on the ruins of the many ?
Let me ask whether every circumstance is not , on the contrary , strictly conformable to these principles , and scrupulously impartial to the rights and pretensions of every class and description of citizens ?
Who are to be the electors of the federal representatives ?
Not the rich , more than the poor ; not the learned , more than the ignorant ; not the haughty heirs of distinguished names , more than the humble sons of obscurity and unpropitious fortune .
The electors are to be the great body of the people of the United States .
They are to be the same who exercise the right in every State of electing the corresponding branch of the legislature of the State .
Who are to be the objects of popular choice ?
Every citizen whose merit may recommend him to the esteem and confidence of his country .
No qualification of wealth , of birth , of religious faith , or of civil profession is permitted to fetter the judgement or disappoint the inclination of the people .
If we consider the situation of the men on whom the free suffrages of their fellow-citizens may confer the representative trust , we shall find it involving every security which can be devised or desired for their fidelity to their constituents .
In the second place , they will enter into the public service under circumstances which cannot fail to produce a temporary affection at least to their constituents .
There is in every breast a sensibility to marks of honor , of favor , of esteem , and of confidence , which , apart from all considerations of interest , is some pledge for grateful and benevolent returns .
Ingratitude is a common topic of declamation against human nature ; and it must be confessed that instances of it are but too frequent and flagrant , both in public and in private life .
But the universal and extreme indignation which it inspires is itself a proof of the energy and prevalence of the contrary sentiment .
In the third place , those ties which bind the representative to his constituents are strengthened by motives of a more selfish nature .
His pride and vanity attach him to a form of government which favors his pretensions and gives him a share in its honors and distinctions .
All these securities , however , would be found very insufficient without the restraint of frequent elections .
Hence , in the fourth place , the House of Representatives is so constituted as to support in the members an habitual recollection of their dependence on the people .
This has always been deemed one of the strongest bonds by which human policy can connect the rulers and the people together .
It creates between them that communion of interests and sympathy of sentiments , of which few governments have furnished examples ; but without which every government degenerates into tyranny .
If it be asked , what is to restrain the House of Representatives from making legal discriminations in favor of themselves and a particular class of the society ?
I answer : the genius of the whole system ; the nature of just and constitutional laws ; and above all , the vigilant and manly spirit which actuates the people of America , a spirit which nourishes freedom , and in return is nourished by it .
If this spirit shall ever be so far debased as to tolerate a law not obligatory on the legislature , as well as on the people , the people will be prepared to tolerate any thing but liberty .
Such will be the relation between the House of Representatives and their constituents .
Duty , gratitude , interest , ambition itself , are the chords by which they will be bound to fidelity and sympathy with the great mass of the people .
It is possible that these may all be insufficient to control the caprice and wickedness of man .
But are they not all that government will admit , and that human prudence can devise ?
Are they not the genuine and the characteristic means by which republican government provides for the liberty and happiness of the people ?
Are they not the identical means on which every State government in the Union relies for the attainment of these important ends ?
What then are we to understand by the objection which this paper has combated ?
We have seen how far such a supposition would err , as to the two first points .
Nor would it , in fact , be less erroneous as to the last .
The only difference discoverable between the two cases is , that each representative of the United States will be elected by five or six thousand citizens ; whilst in the individual States , the election of a representative is left to about as many hundreds .
Will it be pretended that this difference is sufficient to justify an attachment to the State governments , and an abhorrence to the federal government ?
If this be the point on which the objection turns , it deserves to be examined .
Is it supported by REASON ?
This cannot be said , without maintaining that five or six thousand citizens are less capable of choosing a fit representative , or more liable to be corrupted by an unfit one , than five or six hundred .
Is the CONSEQUENCE from this doctrine admissible ?
Is the doctrine warranted by FACTS ?
It was shown in the last paper , that the real representation in the British House of Commons very little exceeds the proportion of one for every thirty thousand inhabitants .
Notwithstanding these unfavorable circumstances , and notwithstanding some very unequal laws in the British code , it cannot be said that the representatives of the nation have elevated the few on the ruins of the many .
But we need not resort to foreign experience on this subject .
Our own is explicit and decisive .
The districts in New Hampshire in which the senators are chosen immediately by the people , are nearly as large as will be necessary for her representatives in the Congress .
Those of Massachusetts are larger than will be necessary for that purpose ; and those of New York still more so .
In the last State the members of Assembly for the cities and counties of New York and Albany are elected by very nearly as many voters as will be entitled to a representative in the Congress , calculating on the number of sixty-five representatives only .
It makes no difference that in these senatorial districts and counties a number of representatives are voted for by each elector at the same time .
If the same electors at the same time are capable of choosing four or five representatives , they cannot be incapable of choosing one .
Pennsylvania is an additional example .
Some of her counties , which elect her State representatives , are almost as large as her districts will be by which her federal representatives will be elected .
The city of Philadelphia is supposed to contain between fifty and sixty thousand souls .
It will therefore form nearly two districts for the choice of federal representatives .
It forms , however , but one county , in which every elector votes for each of its representatives in the State legislature .
And what may appear to be still more directly to our purpose , the whole city actually elects a SINGLE MEMBER for the executive council .
This is the case in all the other counties of the State .
Are not these facts the most satisfactory proofs of the fallacy which has been employed against the branch of the federal government under consideration ?
But there are cases of a stronger complexion than any which I have yet quoted .
One branch of the legislature of Connecticut is so constituted that each member of it is elected by the whole State .
So is the governor of that State , of Massachusetts , and of this State , and the president of New Hampshire .
I leave every man to decide whether the result of any one of these experiments can be said to countenance a suspicion , that a diffusive mode of choosing representatives of the people tends to elevate traitors and to undermine the public liberty .
FEDERALIST No. 58 Objection That The Number of Members Will Not Be Augmented as the Progress of Population Demands Considered
It has been admitted , that this objection , if well supported , would have great weight .
The following observations will show that , like most other objections against the Constitution , it can only proceed from a partial view of the subject , or from a jealousy which discolors and disfigures every object which is beheld .
Those who urge the objection seem not to have recollected that the federal Constitution will not suffer by a comparison with the State constitutions , in the security provided for a gradual augmentation of the number of representatives .
The number which is to prevail in the first instance is declared to be temporary .
Its duration is limited to the short term of three years .
Within every successive term of ten years a census of inhabitants is to be repeated .
There is a peculiarity in the federal Constitution which insures a watchful attention in a majority both of the people and of their representatives to a constitutional augmentation of the latter .
From this circumstance it may with certainty be inferred that the larger States will be strenuous advocates for increasing the number and weight of that part of the legislature in which their influence predominates .
And it so happens that four only of the largest will have a majority of the whole votes in the House of Representatives .
It may be alleged , perhaps , that the Senate would be prompted by like motives to an adverse coalition ; and as their concurrence would be indispensable , the just and constitutional views of the other branch might be defeated .
This is the difficulty which has probably created the most serious apprehensions in the jealous friends of a numerous representation .
Fortunately it is among the difficulties which , existing only in appearance , vanish on a close and accurate inspection .
The following reflections will , if I mistake not , be admitted to be conclusive and satisfactory on this point .
Hence it is by no means certain that a majority of votes , even in the Senate , would be unfriendly to proper augmentations in the number of representatives .
It will not be looking too far to add , that the senators from all the new States may be gained over to the just views of the House of Representatives , by an expedient too obvious to be overlooked .
As these States will , for a great length of time , advance in population with peculiar rapidity , they will be interested in frequent reapportionments of the representatives to the number of inhabitants .
These considerations seem to afford ample security on this subject , and ought alone to satisfy all the doubts and fears which have been indulged with regard to it .
The House of Representatives cannot only refuse , but they alone can propose , the supplies requisite for the support of government .
But will not the House of Representatives be as much interested as the Senate in maintaining the government in its proper functions , and will they not therefore be unwilling to stake its existence or its reputation on the pliancy of the Senate ?
Or , if such a trial of firmness between the two branches were hazarded , would not the one be as likely first to yield as the other ?
These questions will create no difficulty with those who reflect that in all cases the smaller the number , and the more permanent and conspicuous the station , of men in power , the stronger must be the interest which they will individually feel in whatever concerns the government .
Those who represent the dignity of their country in the eyes of other nations , will be particularly sensible to every prospect of public danger , or of dishonorable stagnation in public affairs .
To those causes we are to ascribe the continual triumph of the British House of Commons over the other branches of the government , whenever the engine of a money bill has been employed .
An absolute inflexibility on the side of the latter , although it could not have failed to involve every department of the state in the general confusion , has neither been apprehended nor experienced .
The utmost degree of firmness that can be displayed by the federal Senate or President , will not be more than equal to a resistance in which they will be supported by constitutional and patriotic principles .
I omit also any remarks on the difficulty which might be found , under present circumstances , in engaging in the federal service a large number of such characters as the people will probably elect .
One observation , however , I must be permitted to add on this subject as claiming , in my judgment , a very serious attention .
It is , that in all legislative assemblies the greater the number composing them may be , the fewer will be the men who will in fact direct their proceedings .
In the first place , the more numerous an assembly may be , of whatever characters composed , the greater is known to be the ascendency of passion over reason .
In the next place , the larger the number , the greater will be the proportion of members of limited information and of weak capacities .
Now , it is precisely on characters of this description that the eloquence and address of the few are known to act with all their force .
In the ancient republics , where the whole body of the people assembled in person , a single orator , or an artful statesman , was generally seen to rule with as complete a sway as if a sceptre had been placed in his single hand .
On the same principle , the more multitudinous a representative assembly may be rendered , the more it will partake of the infirmities incident to collective meetings of the people .
Ignorance will be the dupe of cunning , and passion the slave of sophistry and declamation .
The people can never err more than in supposing that by multiplying their representatives beyond a certain limit , they strengthen the barrier against the government of a few .
Experience will forever admonish them that , on the contrary , AFTER SECURING A SUFFICIENT NUMBER FOR THE PURPOSES OF SAFETY , OF LOCAL INFORMATION , AND OF DIFFUSIVE SYMPATHY WITH THE WHOLE SOCIETY , they will counteract their own views by every addition to their representatives .
The countenance of the government may become more democratic , but the soul that animates it will be more oligarchic .
The machine will be enlarged , but the fewer , and often the more secret , will be the springs by which its motions are directed .
As connected with the objection against the number of representatives , may properly be here noticed , that which has been suggested against the number made competent for legislative business .
It has been said that more than a majority ought to have been required for a quorum ; and in particular cases , if not in all , more than a majority of a quorum for a decision .
That some advantages might have resulted from such a precaution , cannot be denied .
It might have been an additional shield to some particular interests , and another obstacle generally to hasty and partial measures .
But these considerations are outweighed by the inconveniences in the opposite scale .
In all cases where justice or the general good might require new laws to be passed , or active measures to be pursued , the fundamental principle of free government would be reversed .
It would be no longer the majority that would rule : the power would be transferred to the minority .
Were the defensive privilege limited to particular cases , an interested minority might take advantage of it to screen themselves from equitable sacrifices to the general weal , or , in particular emergencies , to extort unreasonable indulgences .
Concerning the Power of Congress to Regulate the Election of Members From the New York Packet .
Friday , February 22 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : THE natural order of the subject leads us to consider , in this place , that provision of the Constitution which authorizes the national legislature to regulate , in the last resort , the election of its own members .
I am greatly mistaken , notwithstanding , if there be any article in the whole plan more completely defensible than this .
Its propriety rests upon the evidence of this plain proposition , that EVERY GOVERNMENT OUGHT TO CONTAIN IN ITSELF THE MEANS OF ITS OWN PRESERVATION .
The last mode has , with reason , been preferred by the convention .
Nothing can be more evident , than that an exclusive power of regulating elections for the national government , in the hands of the State legislatures , would leave the existence of the Union entirely at their mercy .
They could at any moment annihilate it , by neglecting to provide for the choice of persons to administer its affairs .
It is to little purpose to say , that a neglect or omission of this kind would not be likely to take place .
The constitutional possibility of the thing , without an equivalent for the risk , is an unanswerable objection .
Nor has any satisfactory reason been yet assigned for incurring that risk .
The extravagant surmises of a distempered jealousy can never be dignified with that character .
If we are in a humor to presume abuses of power , it is as fair to presume them on the part of the State governments as on the part of the general government .
An impartial view of the matter cannot fail to result in a conviction , that each , as far as possible , ought to depend on itself for its own preservation .
As an objection to this position , it may be remarked that the constitution of the national Senate would involve , in its full extent , the danger which it is suggested might flow from an exclusive power in the State legislatures to regulate the federal elections .
The interest of each State , it may be added , to maintain its representation in the national councils , would be a complete security against an abuse of the trust .
This argument , though specious , will not , upon examination , be found solid .
It is certainly true that the State legislatures , by forbearing the appointment of senators , may destroy the national government .
But it will not follow that , because they have a power to do this in one instance , they ought to have it in every other .
If this had been done , it would doubtless have been interpreted into an entire dereliction of the federal principle ; and would certainly have deprived the State governments of that absolute safeguard which they will enjoy under this provision .
It may be easily discerned also that the national government would run a much greater risk from a power in the State legislatures over the elections of its House of Representatives , than from their power of appointing the members of its Senate .
But with regard to the federal House of Representatives , there is intended to be a general election of members once in two years .
But the security will not be considered as complete , by those who attend to the force of an obvious distinction between the interest of the people in the public felicity , and the interest of their local rulers in the power and consequence of their offices .
This diversity of sentiment between a majority of the people , and the individuals who have the greatest credit in their councils , is exemplified in some of the States at the present moment , on the present question .
The scheme of separate confederacies , which will always multiply the chances of ambition , will be a never failing bait to all such influential characters in the State administrations as are capable of preferring their own emolument and advancement to the public weal .
Its preservation , therefore ought in no case that can be avoided , to be committed to the guardianship of any but those whose situation will uniformly beget an immediate interest in the faithful and vigilant performance of the trust .
Ist clause , 4th section , of the Ist article .
The Same Subject Continued ( Concerning the Power of Congress to Regulate the Election of Members ) From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , February 26 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : WE HAVE seen , that an uncontrollable power over the elections to the federal government could not , without hazard , be committed to the State legislatures .
Let us now see , what would be the danger on the other side ; that is , from confiding the ultimate right of regulating its own elections to the Union itself .
It is not pretended , that this right would ever be used for the exclusion of any State from its share in the representation .
The interest of all would , in this respect at least , be the security of all .
Of all chimerical suppositions , this seems to be the most chimerical .
The improbability of the attempt may be satisfactorily inferred from this single reflection , that it could never be made without causing an immediate revolt of the great body of the people , headed and directed by the State governments .
In addition to this general reflection , there are considerations of a more precise nature , which forbid all apprehension on the subject .
The dissimilarity in the ingredients which will compose the national government , and still more in the manner in which they will be brought into action in its various branches , must form a powerful obstacle to a concert of views in any partial scheme of elections .
There is sufficient diversity in the state of property , in the genius , manners , and habits of the people of the different parts of the Union , to occasion a material diversity of disposition in their representatives towards the different ranks and conditions in society .
But the circumstance which will be likely to have the greatest influence in the matter , will be the dissimilar modes of constituting the several component parts of the government .
As to the Senate , it is impossible that any regulation of " time and manner , " which is all that is proposed to be submitted to the national government in respect to that body , can affect the spirit which will direct the choice of its members .
The collective sense of the State legislatures can never be influenced by extraneous circumstances of that sort ; a consideration which alone ought to satisfy us that the discrimination apprehended would never be attempted .
For what inducement could the Senate have to concur in a preference in which itself would not be included ?
Or to what purpose would it be established , in reference to one branch of the legislature , if it could not be extended to the other ?
The composition of the one would in this case counteract that of the other .
And we can never suppose that it would embrace the appointments to the Senate , unless we can at the same time suppose the voluntary co-operation of the State legislatures .
If we make the latter supposition , it then becomes immaterial where the power in question is placed whether in their hands or in those of the Union .
But what is to be the object of this capricious partiality in the national councils ?
Is it to be exercised in a discrimination between the different departments of industry , or between the different kinds of property , or between the different degrees of property ?
Will it lean in favor of the landed interest , or the moneyed interest , or the mercantile interest , or the manufacturing interest ?
Or , to speak in the fashionable language of the adversaries to the Constitution , will it court the elevation of " the wealthy and the well-born , " to the exclusion and debasement of all the rest of the society ?
If this partiality is to be exerted in favor of those who are concerned in any particular description of industry or property , I presume it will readily be admitted , that the competition for it will lie between landed men and merchants .
And I scruple not to affirm , that it is infinitely less likely that either of them should gain an ascendant in the national councils , than that the one or the other of them should predominate in all the local councils .
The inference will be , that a conduct tending to give an undue preference to either is much less to be dreaded from the former than from the latter .
The several States are in various degrees addicted to agriculture and commerce .
In most , if not all of them , agriculture is predominant .
In a few of them , however , commerce nearly divides its empire , and in most of them has a considerable share of influence .
In a country consisting chiefly of the cultivators of land , where the rules of an equal representation obtain , the landed interest must , upon the whole , preponderate in the government .
As long as this interest prevails in most of the State legislatures , so long it must maintain a correspondent superiority in the national Senate , which will generally be a faithful copy of the majorities of those assemblies .
It cannot therefore be presumed , that a sacrifice of the landed to the mercantile class will ever be a favorite object of this branch of the federal legislature .
But in reality the same situation must have the same effect , in the primative composition at least of the federal House of Representatives : an improper bias towards the mercantile class is as little to be expected from this quarter as from the other .
As there is little likelihood that the supposition of such a bias will have any terrors for those who would be immediately injured by it , a labored answer to this question will be dispensed with .
It will be sufficient to remark , first , that for the reasons elsewhere assigned , it is less likely that any decided partiality should prevail in the councils of the Union than in those of any of its members .
Secondly , that there would be no temptation to violate the Constitution in favor of the landed class , because that class would , in the natural course of things , enjoy as great a preponderancy as itself could desire .
The importance of commerce , in the view of revenue alone , must effectually guard it against the enmity of a body which would be continually importuned in its favor , by the urgent calls of public necessity .
I the rather consult brevity in discussing the probability of a preference founded upon a discrimination between the different kinds of industry and property , because , as far as I understand the meaning of the objectors , they contemplate a discrimination of another kind .
They appear to have in view , as the objects of the preference with which they endeavor to alarm us , those whom they designate by the description of " the wealthy and the well-born . "
These , it seems , are to be exalted to an odious pre-eminence over the rest of their fellow-citizens .
But upon what principle is the discrimination of the places of election to be made , in order to answer the purpose of the meditated preference ?
Are " the wealthy and the well-born , " as they are called , confined to particular spots in the several States ?
Have they , by some miraculous instinct or foresight , set apart in each of them a common place of residence ?
Are they only to be met with in the towns or cities ?
Or are they , on the contrary , scattered over the face of the country as avarice or chance may have happened to cast their own lot or that of their predecessors ?
The truth is , that there is no method of securing to the rich the preference apprehended , but by prescribing qualifications of property either for those who may elect or be elected .
But this forms no part of the power to be conferred upon the national government .
Its authority would be expressly restricted to the regulation of the TIMES , the PLACES , the MANNER of elections .
The qualifications of the persons who may choose or be chosen , as has been remarked upon other occasions , are defined and fixed in the Constitution , and are unalterable by the legislature .
What will be the conclusion ?
Would they not be likely to prefer a conduct better adapted to their own immediate aggrandizement ?
1 Particularly in the Southern States and in this State .
The Same Subject Continued ( Concerning the Power of Congress to Regulate the Election of Members ) From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , February 26 , 1788 .
This , say they , was a necessary precaution against an abuse of the power .
A declaration of this nature would certainly have been harmless ; so far as it would have had the effect of quieting apprehensions , it might not have been undesirable .
A review of their situation , in this particular , would tend greatly to remove any ill impressions which may remain in regard to this matter .
But as that view would lead into long and tedious details , I shall content myself with the single example of the State in which I write .
The alarming indifference discoverable in the exercise of so invaluable a privilege under the existing laws , which afford every facility to it , furnishes a ready answer to this question .
A similar comparison would lead to the same conclusion in respect to the constitutions of most of the other States .
Hitherto my observations have only aimed at a vindication of the provision in question , on the ground of theoretic propriety , on that of the danger of placing the power elsewhere , and on that of the safety of placing it in the manner proposed .
But there remains to be mentioned a positive advantage which will result from this disposition , and which could not as well have been obtained from any other : I allude to the circumstance of uniformity in the time of elections for the federal House of Representatives .
It is more than possible that this uniformity may be found by experience to be of great importance to the public welfare , both as a security against the perpetuation of the same spirit in the body , and as a cure for the diseases of faction .
If each State may choose its own time of election , it is possible there may be at least as many different periods as there are months in the year .
The times of election in the several States , as they are now established for local purposes , vary between extremes as wide as March and November .
The consequence of this diversity would be that there could never happen a total dissolution or renovation of the body at one time .
If an improper spirit of any kind should happen to prevail in it , that spirit would be apt to infuse itself into the new members , as they come forward in succession .
The mass would be likely to remain nearly the same , assimilating constantly to itself its gradual accretions .
There is a contagion in example which few men have sufficient force of mind to resist .
I am inclined to think that treble the duration in office , with the condition of a total dissolution of the body at the same time , might be less formidable to liberty than one third of that duration subject to gradual and successive alterations .
Uniformity in the time of elections seems not less requisite for executing the idea of a regular rotation in the Senate , and for conveniently assembling the legislature at a stated period in each year .
It may be asked , Why , then , could not a time have been fixed in the Constitution ?
No better answer can be given than that it was a matter which might safely be entrusted to legislative discretion ; and that if a time had been appointed , it might , upon experiment , have been found less convenient than some other time .
The same answer may be given to the question put on the other side .
The Senate For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : HAVING examined the constitution of the House of Representatives , and answered such of the objections against it as seemed to merit notice , I enter next on the examination of the Senate .
The heads into which this member of the government may be considered are : I. The qualification of senators ; II .
The appointment of them by the State legislatures ; III .
The equality of representation in the Senate ; IV .
The number of senators , and the term for which they are to be elected ; V. The powers vested in the Senate .
I. The qualifications proposed for senators , as distinguished from those of representatives , consist in a more advanced age and a longer period of citizenship .
A senator must be thirty years of age at least ; as a representative must be twenty-five .
And the former must have been a citizen nine years ; as seven years are required for the latter .
It is equally unnecessary to dilate on the appointment of senators by the State legislatures .
Among the various modes which might have been devised for constituting this branch of the government , that which has been proposed by the convention is probably the most congenial with the public opinion .
It is recommended by the double advantage of favoring a select appointment , and of giving to the State governments such an agency in the formation of the federal government as must secure the authority of the former , and may form a convenient link between the two systems .
The equality of representation in the Senate is another point , which , being evidently the result of compromise between the opposite pretensions of the large and the small States , does not call for much discussion .
A common government , with powers equal to its objects , is called for by the voice , and still more loudly by the political situation , of America .
A government founded on principles more consonant to the wishes of the larger States , is not likely to be obtained from the smaller States .
The only option , then , for the former , lies between the proposed government and a government still more objectionable .
Under this alternative , the advice of prudence must be to embrace the lesser evil ; and , instead of indulging a fruitless anticipation of the possible mischiefs which may ensue , to contemplate rather the advantageous consequences which may qualify the sacrifice .
In this spirit it may be remarked , that the equal vote allowed to each State is at once a constitutional recognition of the portion of sovereignty remaining in the individual States , and an instrument for preserving that residuary sovereignty .
So far the equality ought to be no less acceptable to the large than to the small States ; since they are not less solicitous to guard , by every possible expedient , against an improper consolidation of the States into one simple republic .
Another advantage accruing from this ingredient in the constitution of the Senate is , the additional impediment it must prove against improper acts of legislation .
No law or resolution can now be passed without the concurrence , first , of a majority of the people , and then , of a majority of the States .
The number of senators , and the duration of their appointment , come next to be considered .
It is a misfortune incident to republican government , though in a less degree than to other governments , that those who administer it may forget their obligations to their constituents , and prove unfaithful to their important trust .
In this point of view , a senate , as a second branch of the legislative assembly , distinct from , and dividing the power with , a first , must be in all cases a salutary check on the government .
It doubles the security to the people , by requiring the concurrence of two distinct bodies in schemes of usurpation or perfidy , where the ambition or corruption of one would otherwise be sufficient .
This is a precaution founded on such clear principles , and now so well understood in the United States , that it would be more than superfluous to enlarge on it .
The necessity of a senate is not less indicated by the propensity of all single and numerous assemblies to yield to the impulse of sudden and violent passions , and to be seduced by factious leaders into intemperate and pernicious resolutions .
Examples on this subject might be cited without number ; and from proceedings within the United States , as well as from the history of other nations .
But a position that will not be contradicted , need not be proved .
All that need be remarked is , that a body which is to correct this infirmity ought itself to be free from it , and consequently ought to be less numerous .
It ought , moreover , to possess great firmness , and consequently ought to hold its authority by a tenure of considerable duration .
Another defect to be supplied by a senate lies in a want of due acquaintance with the objects and principles of legislation .
A good government implies two things : first , fidelity to the object of government , which is the happiness of the people ; secondly , a knowledge of the means by which that object can be best attained .
Some governments are deficient in both these qualities ; most governments are deficient in the first .
I scruple not to assert , that in American governments too little attention has been paid to the last .
The federal Constitution avoids this error ; and what merits particular notice , it provides for the last in a mode which increases the security for the first .
The mutability in the public councils arising from a rapid succession of new members , however qualified they may be , points out , in the strongest manner , the necessity of some stable institution in the government .
Every new election in the States is found to change one half of the representatives .
From this change of men must proceed a change of opinions ; and from a change of opinions , a change of measures .
But a continual change even of good measures is inconsistent with every rule of prudence and every prospect of success .
The remark is verified in private life , and becomes more just , as well as more important , in national transactions .
To trace the mischievous effects of a mutable government would fill a volume .
I will hint a few only , each of which will be perceived to be a source of innumerable others .
In the first place , it forfeits the respect and confidence of other nations , and all the advantages connected with national character .
An individual who is observed to be inconstant to his plans , or perhaps to carry on his affairs without any plan at all , is marked at once , by all prudent people , as a speedy victim to his own unsteadiness and folly .
His more friendly neighbors may pity him , but all will decline to connect their fortunes with his ; and not a few will seize the opportunity of making their fortunes out of his .
One nation is to another what one individual is to another ; with this melancholy distinction perhaps , that the former , with fewer of the benevolent emotions than the latter , are under fewer restraints also from taking undue advantage from the indiscretions of each other .
Every nation , consequently , whose affairs betray a want of wisdom and stability , may calculate on every loss which can be sustained from the more systematic policy of their wiser neighbors .
But the best instruction on this subject is unhappily conveyed to America by the example of her own situation .
She finds that she is held in no respect by her friends ; that she is the derision of her enemies ; and that she is a prey to every nation which has an interest in speculating on her fluctuating councils and embarrassed affairs .
The internal effects of a mutable policy are still more calamitous .
It poisons the blessing of liberty itself .
Law is defined to be a rule of action ; but how can that be a rule , which is little known , and less fixed ?
Another effect of public instability is the unreasonable advantage it gives to the sagacious , the enterprising , and the moneyed few over the industrious and uniformed mass of the people .
This is a state of things in which it may be said with some truth that laws are made for the FEW , not for the MANY .
In another point of view , great injury results from an unstable government .
The want of confidence in the public councils damps every useful undertaking , the success and profit of which may depend on a continuance of existing arrangements .
What prudent merchant will hazard his fortunes in any new branch of commerce when he knows not but that his plans may be rendered unlawful before they can be executed ?
What farmer or manufacturer will lay himself out for the encouragement given to any particular cultivation or establishment , when he can have no assurance that his preparatory labors and advances will not render him a victim to an inconstant government ?
In a word , no great improvement or laudable enterprise can go forward which requires the auspices of a steady system of national policy .
But the most deplorable effect of all is that diminution of attachment and reverence which steals into the hearts of the people , towards a political system which betrays so many marks of infirmity , and disappoints so many of their flattering hopes .
No government , any more than an individual , will long be respected without being truly respectable ; nor be truly respectable , without possessing a certain portion of order and stability .
The Senate Continued For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : A FIFTH desideratum , illustrating the utility of a senate , is the want of a due sense of national character .
Yet however requisite a sense of national character may be , it is evident that it can never be sufficiently possessed by a numerous and changeable body .
I add , as a SIXTH defect the want , in some important cases , of a due responsibility in the government to the people , arising from that frequency of elections which in other cases produces this responsibility .
This remark will , perhaps , appear not only new , but paradoxical .
It must nevertheless be acknowledged , when explained , to be as undeniable as it is important .
Responsibility , in order to be reasonable , must be limited to objects within the power of the responsible party , and in order to be effectual , must relate to operations of that power , of which a ready and proper judgment can be formed by the constituents .
The objects of government may be divided into two general classes : the one depending on measures which have singly an immediate and sensible operation ; the other depending on a succession of well-chosen and well-connected measures , which have a gradual and perhaps unobserved operation .
The importance of the latter description to the collective and permanent welfare of every country , needs no explanation .
Nor is it possible for the people to estimate the SHARE of influence which their annual assemblies may respectively have on events resulting from the mixed transactions of several years .
It is sufficiently difficult to preserve a personal responsibility in the members of a NUMEROUS body , for such acts of the body as have an immediate , detached , and palpable operation on its constituents .
Thus far I have considered the circumstances which point out the necessity of a well-constructed Senate only as they relate to the representatives of the people .
To a people as little blinded by prejudice or corrupted by flattery as those whom I address , I shall not scruple to add , that such an institution may be sometimes necessary as a defense to the people against their own temporary errors and delusions .
What bitter anguish would not the people of Athens have often escaped if their government had contained so provident a safeguard against the tyranny of their own passions ?
Popular liberty might then have escaped the indelible reproach of decreeing to the same citizens the hemlock on one day and statues on the next .
It may be suggested , that a people spread over an extensive region cannot , like the crowded inhabitants of a small district , be subject to the infection of violent passions , or to the danger of combining in pursuit of unjust measures .
I am far from denying that this is a distinction of peculiar importance .
I have , on the contrary , endeavored in a former paper to show , that it is one of the principal recommendations of a confederated republic .
At the same time , this advantage ought not to be considered as superseding the use of auxiliary precautions .
It adds no small weight to all these considerations , to recollect that history informs us of no long-lived republic which had not a senate .
Sparta , Rome , and Carthage are , in fact , the only states to whom that character can be applied .
In each of the two first there was a senate for life .
The constitution of the senate in the last is less known .
Circumstantial evidence makes it probable that it was not different in this particular from the two others .
It is at least certain , that it had some quality or other which rendered it an anchor against popular fluctuations ; and that a smaller council , drawn out of the senate , was appointed not only for life , but filled up vacancies itself .
I am not unaware of the circumstances which distinguish the American from other popular governments , as well ancient as modern ; and which render extreme circumspection necessary , in reasoning from the one case to the other .
But after allowing due weight to this consideration , it may still be maintained , that there are many points of similitude which render these examples not unworthy of our attention .
Many of the defects , as we have seen , which can only be supplied by a senatorial institution , are common to a numerous assembly frequently elected by the people , and to the people themselves .
There are others peculiar to the former , which require the control of such an institution .
The use which has been made of this difference , in reasonings contained in former papers , will have shown that I am disposed neither to deny its existence nor to undervalue its importance .
I feel the less restraint , therefore , in observing , that the position concerning the ignorance of the ancient governments on the subject of representation , is by no means precisely true in the latitude commonly given to it .
Without entering into a disquisition which here would be misplaced , I will refer to a few known facts , in support of what I advance .
In the most pure democracies of Greece , many of the executive functions were performed , not by the people themselves , but by officers elected by the people , and REPRESENTING the people in their EXECUTIVE capacity .
Prior to the reform of Solon , Athens was governed by nine Archons , annually ELECTED BY THE PEOPLE AT LARGE .
The degree of power delegated to them seems to be left in great obscurity .
The senate of Carthage , also , whatever might be its power , or the duration of its appointment , appears to have been ELECTIVE by the suffrages of the people .
Similar instances might be traced in most , if not all the popular governments of antiquity .
From these facts , to which many others might be added , it is clear that the principle of representation was neither unknown to the ancients nor wholly overlooked in their political constitutions .
The true distinction between these and the American governments , lies IN THE TOTAL EXCLUSION OF THE PEOPLE , IN THEIR COLLECTIVE CAPACITY , from any share in the LATTER , and not in the TOTAL EXCLUSION OF THE REPRESENTATIVES OF THE PEOPLE from the administration of the FORMER .
The distinction , however , thus qualified , must be admitted to leave a most advantageous superiority in favor of the United States .
But to insure to this advantage its full effect , we must be careful not to separate it from the other advantage , of an extensive territory .
For it cannot be believed , that any form of representative government could have succeeded within the narrow limits occupied by the democracies of Greece .
But a more particular reply may be given .
Before such a revolution can be effected , the Senate , it is to be observed , must in the first place corrupt itself ; must next corrupt the State legislatures ; must then corrupt the House of Representatives ; and must finally corrupt the people at large .
It is evident that the Senate must be first corrupted before it can attempt an establishment of tyranny .
Without corrupting the State legislatures , it cannot prosecute the attempt , because the periodical change of members would otherwise regenerate the whole body .
Is there any man who can seriously persuade himself that the proposed Senate can , by any possible means within the compass of human address , arrive at the object of a lawless ambition , through all these obstructions ?
If reason condemns the suspicion , the same sentence is pronounced by experience .
The constitution of Maryland furnishes the most apposite example .
The Senate of that State is elected , as the federal Senate will be , indirectly by the people , and for a term less by one year only than the federal Senate .
It is distinguished , also , by the remarkable prerogative of filling up its own vacancies within the term of its appointment , and , at the same time , is not under the control of any such rotation as is provided for the federal Senate .
There are some other lesser distinctions , which would expose the former to colorable objections , that do not lie against the latter .
If the federal Senate , therefore , really contained the danger which has been so loudly proclaimed , some symptoms at least of a like danger ought by this time to have been betrayed by the Senate of Maryland , but no such symptoms have appeared .
But if any thing could silence the jealousies on this subject , it ought to be the British example .
The Senate there instead of being elected for a term of six years , and of being unconfined to particular families or fortunes , is an hereditary assembly of opulent nobles .
The House of Representatives , instead of being elected for two years , and by the whole body of the people , is elected for seven years , and , in very great proportion , by a very small proportion of the people .
Here , unquestionably , ought to be seen in full display the aristocratic usurpations and tyranny which are at some future period to be exemplified in the United States .
As far as antiquity can instruct us on this subject , its examples support the reasoning which we have employed .
In Sparta , the Ephori , the annual representatives of the people , were found an overmatch for the senate for life , continually gained on its authority and finally drew all power into their own hands .
The Tribunes of Rome , who were the representatives of the people , prevailed , it is well known , in almost every contest with the senate for life , and in the end gained the most complete triumph over it .
The fact is the more remarkable , as unanimity was required in every act of the Tribunes , even after their number was augmented to ten .
It proves the irresistible force possessed by that branch of a free government , which has the people on its side .
To these examples might be added that of Carthage , whose senate , according to the testimony of Polybius , instead of drawing all power into its vortex , had , at the commencement of the second Punic War , lost almost the whole of its original portion .
The Powers of the Senate From the New York Packet .
Friday , March 7 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : IT IS a just and not a new observation , that enemies to particular persons , and opponents to particular measures , seldom confine their censures to such things only in either as are worthy of blame .
Unless on this principle , it is difficult to explain the motives of their conduct , who condemn the proposed Constitution in the aggregate , and treat with severity some of the most unexceptionable articles in it .
The second section gives power to the President , " BY AND WITH THE ADVICE AND CONSENT OF THE SENATE , TO MAKE TREATIES , PROVIDED TWO THIRDS OF THE SENATORS PRESENT CONCUR . "
The convention appears to have been attentive to both these points : they have directed the President to be chosen by select bodies of electors , to be deputed by the people for that express purpose ; and they have committed the appointment of senators to the State legislatures .
The Constitution manifests very particular attention to this object .
With such men the power of making treaties may be safely lodged .
Although the absolute necessity of system , in the conduct of any business , is universally known and acknowledged , yet the high importance of it in national affairs has not yet become sufficiently impressed on the public mind .
The duration prescribed is such as will give them an opportunity of greatly extending their political information , and of rendering their accumulating experience more and more beneficial to their country .
There are a few who will not admit that the affairs of trade and navigation should be regulated by a system cautiously formed and steadily pursued ; and that both our treaties and our laws should correspond with and be made to promote it .
It is of much consequence that this correspondence and conformity be carefully maintained ; and they who assent to the truth of this position will see and confess that it is well provided for by making concurrence of the Senate necessary both to treaties and to laws .
It seldom happens in the negotiation of treaties , of whatever nature , but that perfect SECRECY and immediate DESPATCH are sometimes requisite .
These are cases where the most useful intelligence may be obtained , if the persons possessing it can be relieved from apprehensions of discovery .
They who have turned their attention to the affairs of men , must have perceived that there are tides in them ; tides very irregular in their duration , strength , and direction , and seldom found to run twice exactly in the same manner or measure .
The loss of a battle , the death of a prince , the removal of a minister , or other circumstances intervening to change the present posture and aspect of affairs , may turn the most favorable tide into a course opposite to our wishes .
As in the field , so in the cabinet , there are moments to be seized as they pass , and they who preside in either should be left in capacity to improve them .
So often and so essentially have we heretofore suffered from the want of secrecy and despatch , that the Constitution would have been inexcusably defective , if no attention had been paid to those objects .
Those matters which in negotiations usually require the most secrecy and the most despatch , are those preparatory and auxiliary measures which are not otherwise important in a national view , than as they tend to facilitate the attainment of the objects of the negotiation .
For these , the President will find no difficulty to provide ; and should any circumstance occur which requires the advice and consent of the Senate , he may at any time convene them .
Thus we see that the Constitution provides that our negotiations for treaties shall have every advantage which can be derived from talents , information , integrity , and deliberate investigations , on the one hand , and from secrecy and despatch on the other .
But to this plan , as to most others that have ever appeared , objections are contrived and urged .
Some are displeased with it , not on account of any errors or defects in it , but because , as the treaties , when made , are to have the force of laws , they should be made only by men invested with legislative authority .
These gentlemen seem not to consider that the judgments of our courts , and the commissions constitutionally given by our governor , are as valid and as binding on all persons whom they concern , as the laws passed by our legislature .
It surely does not follow , that because they have given the power of making laws to the legislature , that therefore they should likewise give them the power to do every other act of sovereignty by which the citizens are to be bound and affected .
Others , though content that treaties should be made in the mode proposed , are averse to their being the SUPREME laws of the land .
They insist , and profess to believe , that treaties like acts of assembly , should be repealable at pleasure .
This idea seems to be new and peculiar to this country , but new errors , as well as new truths , often appear .
The proposed Constitution , therefore , has not in the least extended the obligation of treaties .
They are just as binding , and just as far beyond the lawful reach of legislative acts now , as they will be at any future period , or under any form of government .
However useful jealousy may be in republics , yet when like bile in the natural , it abounds too much in the body politic , the eyes of both become very liable to be deceived by the delusive appearances which that malady casts on surrounding objects .
From this cause , probably , proceed the fears and apprehensions of some , that the President and Senate may make treaties without an equal eye to the interests of all the States .
As to corruption , the case is not supposable .
He must either have been very unfortunate in his intercourse with the world , or possess a heart very susceptible of such impressions , who can think it probable that the President and two thirds of the Senate will ever be capable of such unworthy conduct .
The idea is too gross and too invidious to be entertained .
But in such a case , if it should ever happen , the treaty so obtained from us would , like all other fraudulent contracts , be null and void by the law of nations .
With respect to their responsibility , it is difficult to conceive how it could be increased .
Every consideration that can influence the human mind , such as honor , oaths , reputations , conscience , the love of country , and family affections and attachments , afford security for their fidelity .
The Powers of the Senate Continued From the New York Packet .
Friday , March 7 , 1788 .
As in the business of appointments the executive will be the principal agent , the provisions relating to it will most properly be discussed in the examination of that department .
We will , therefore , conclude this head with a view of the judicial character of the Senate .
A well-constituted court for the trial of impeachments is an object not more to be desired than difficult to be obtained in a government wholly elective .
The subjects of its jurisdiction are those offenses which proceed from the misconduct of public men , or , in other words , from the abuse or violation of some public trust .
They are of a nature which may with peculiar propriety be denominated POLITICAL , as they relate chiefly to injuries done immediately to the society itself .
The prosecution of them , for this reason , will seldom fail to agitate the passions of the whole community , and to divide it into parties more or less friendly or inimical to the accused .
The delicacy and magnitude of a trust which so deeply concerns the political reputation and existence of every man engaged in the administration of public affairs , speak for themselves .
The convention , it appears , thought the Senate the most fit depositary of this important trust .
Those who can best discern the intrinsic difficulty of the thing , will be least hasty in condemning that opinion , and will be most inclined to allow due weight to the arguments which may be supposed to have produced it .
What , it may be asked , is the true spirit of the institution itself ?
Is it not designed as a method of NATIONAL INQUEST into the conduct of public men ?
If this be the design of it , who can so properly be the inquisitors for the nation as the representatives of the nation themselves ?
It is not disputed that the power of originating the inquiry , or , in other words , of preferring the impeachment , ought to be lodged in the hands of one branch of the legislative body .
Will not the reasons which indicate the propriety of this arrangement strongly plead for an admission of the other branch of that body to a share of the inquiry ?
The model from which the idea of this institution has been borrowed , pointed out that course to the convention .
In Great Britain it is the province of the House of Commons to prefer the impeachment , and of the House of Lords to decide upon it .
Several of the State constitutions have followed the example .
As well the latter , as the former , seem to have regarded the practice of impeachments as a bridle in the hands of the legislative body upon the executive servants of the government .
Is not this the true light in which it ought to be regarded ?
Where else than in the Senate could have been found a tribunal sufficiently dignified , or sufficiently independent ?
What other body would be likely to feel CONFIDENCE ENOUGH IN ITS OWN SITUATION , to preserve , unawed and uninfluenced , the necessary impartiality between an INDIVIDUAL accused , and the REPRESENTATIVES OF THE PEOPLE , HIS ACCUSERS ?
Could the Supreme Court have been relied upon as answering this description ?
A deficiency in the first , would be fatal to the accused ; in the last , dangerous to the public tranquillity .
The hazard in both these respects , could only be avoided , if at all , by rendering that tribunal more numerous than would consist with a reasonable attention to economy .
The necessity of a numerous court for the trial of impeachments , is equally dictated by the nature of the proceeding .
This can never be tied down by such strict rules , either in the delineation of the offense by the prosecutors , or in the construction of it by the judges , as in common cases serve to limit the discretion of courts in favor of personal security .
There will be no jury to stand between the judges who are to pronounce the sentence of the law , and the party who is to receive or suffer it .
The awful discretion which a court of impeachments must necessarily have , to doom to honor or to infamy the most confidential and the most distinguished characters of the community , forbids the commitment of the trust to a small number of persons .
These considerations seem alone sufficient to authorize a conclusion , that the Supreme Court would have been an improper substitute for the Senate , as a court of impeachments .
There remains a further consideration , which will not a little strengthen this conclusion .
It is this : The punishment which may be the consequence of conviction upon impeachment , is not to terminate the chastisement of the offender .
After having been sentenced to a perpetual ostracism from the esteem and confidence , and honors and emoluments of his country , he will still be liable to prosecution and punishment in the ordinary course of law .
Would it be proper that the persons who had disposed of his fame , and his most valuable rights as a citizen in one trial , should , in another trial , for the same offense , be also the disposers of his life and his fortune ?
Would there not be the greatest reason to apprehend , that error , in the first sentence , would be the parent of error in the second sentence ?
That the strong bias of one decision would be apt to overrule the influence of any new lights which might be brought to vary the complexion of another decision ?
The loss of life and estate would often be virtually included in a sentence which , in its terms , imported nothing more than dismission from a present , and disqualification for a future , office .
It may be said , that the intervention of a jury , in the second instance , would obviate the danger .
But juries are frequently influenced by the opinions of judges .
They are sometimes induced to find special verdicts , which refer the main question to the decision of the court .
Who would be willing to stake his life and his estate upon the verdict of a jury acting under the auspices of judges who had predetermined his guilt ?
Would it have been an improvement of the plan , to have united the Supreme Court with the Senate , in the formation of the court of impeachments ?
This union would certainly have been attended with several advantages ; but would they not have been overbalanced by the signal disadvantage , already stated , arising from the agency of the same judges in the double prosecution to which the offender would be liable ?
This was perhaps the prudent mean .
I forbear to remark upon the additional pretext for clamor against the judiciary , which so considerable an augmentation of its authority would have afforded .
Would it have been desirable to have composed the court for the trial of impeachments , of persons wholly distinct from the other departments of the government ?
There are weighty arguments , as well against , as in favor of , such a plan .
To some minds it will not appear a trivial objection , that it could tend to increase the complexity of the political machine , and to add a new spring to the government , the utility of which would at best be questionable .
But an objection which will not be thought by any unworthy of attention , is this : a court formed upon such a plan , would either be attended with a heavy expense , or might in practice be subject to a variety of casualties and inconveniences .
It must either consist of permanent officers , stationary at the seat of government , and of course entitled to fixed and regular stipends , or of certain officers of the State governments to be called upon whenever an impeachment was actually depending .
It will not be easy to imagine any third mode materially different , which could rationally be proposed .
As the court , for reasons already given , ought to be numerous , the first scheme will be reprobated by every man who can compare the extent of the public wants with the means of supplying them .
Though this latter supposition may seem harsh , and might not be likely often to be verified , yet it ought not to be forgotten that the demon of faction will , at certain seasons , extend his sceptre over all numerous bodies of men .
If mankind were to resolve to agree in no institution of government , until every part of it had been adjusted to the most exact standard of perfection , society would soon become a general scene of anarchy , and the world a desert .
Where is the standard of perfection to be found ?
Who will undertake to unite the discordant opinions of a whole community , in the same judgment of it ; and to prevail upon one conceited projector to renounce his INFALLIBLE criterion for the FALLIBLE criterion of his more CONCEITED NEIGHBOR ?
To answer the purpose of the adversaries of the Constitution , they ought to prove , not merely that particular provisions in it are not the best which might have been imagined , but that the plan upon the whole is bad and pernicious .
Objections to the Power of the Senate To Set as a Court for Impeachments Further Considered From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , March 11 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : A REVIEW of the principal objections that have appeared against the proposed court for the trial of impeachments , will not improbably eradicate the remains of any unfavorable impressions which may still exist in regard to this matter .
The FIRST of these objections is , that the provision in question confounds legislative and judiciary authorities in the same body , in violation of that important and wellestablished maxim which requires a separation between the different departments of power .
The true meaning of this maxim has been discussed and ascertained in another place , and has been shown to be entirely compatible with a partial intermixture of those departments for special purposes , preserving them , in the main , distinct and unconnected .
This partial intermixture is even , in some cases , not only proper but necessary to the mutual defense of the several members of the government against each other .
An absolute or qualified negative in the executive upon the acts of the legislative body , is admitted , by the ablest adepts in political science , to be an indispensable barrier against the encroachments of the latter upon the former .
And it may , perhaps , with no less reason be contended , that the powers relating to impeachments are , as before intimated , an essential check in the hands of that body upon the encroachments of the executive .
As the concurrence of two thirds of the Senate will be requisite to a condemnation , the security to innocence , from this additional circumstance , will be as complete as itself can desire .
The proportion , in point of numbers , of the chancellor and judges to the senators , is so inconsiderable , that the judiciary authority of New York , in the last resort , may , with truth , be said to reside in its Senate .
To an objection so little precise in itself , it is not easy to find a very precise answer .
Where is the measure or criterion to which we can appeal , for determining what will give the Senate too much , too little , or barely the proper degree of influence ?
Will it not be more safe , as well as more simple , to dismiss such vague and uncertain calculations , to examine each power by itself , and to decide , on general principles , where it may be deposited with most advantage and least inconvenience ?
If we take this course , it will lead to a more intelligible , if not to a more certain result .
The expediency of the junction of the Senate with the Executive , in the power of appointing to offices , will , I trust , be placed in a light not less satisfactory , in the disquisitions under the same head .
And I flatter myself the observations in my last paper must have gone no inconsiderable way towards proving that it was not easy , if practicable , to find a more fit receptacle for the power of determining impeachments , than that which has been chosen .
If this be truly the case , the hypothetical dread of the too great weight of the Senate ought to be discarded from our reasonings .
But this hypothesis , such as it is , has already been refuted in the remarks applied to the duration in office prescribed for the senators .
But independent of this most active and operative principle , to secure the equilibrium of the national House of Representatives , the plan of the convention has provided in its favor several important counterpoises to the additional authorities to be conferred upon the Senate .
The exclusive privilege of originating money bills will belong to the House of Representatives .
The same house will possess the sole right of instituting impeachments : is not this a complete counterbalance to that of determining them ?
The same house will be the umpire in all elections of the President , which do not unite the suffrages of a majority of the whole number of electors ; a case which it cannot be doubted will sometimes , if not frequently , happen .
The constant possibility of the thing must be a fruitful source of influence to that body .
The more it is contemplated , the more important will appear this ultimate though contingent power , of deciding the competitions of the most illustrious citizens of the Union , for the first office in it .
It would not perhaps be rash to predict , that as a mean of influence it will be found to outweigh all the peculiar attributes of the Senate .
A THIRD objection to the Senate as a court of impeachments , is drawn from the agency they are to have in the appointments to office .
It is imagined that they would be too indulgent judges of the conduct of men , in whose official creation they had participated .
With equal plausibility might it be alleged in this case , that the favoritism of the latter would always be an asylum for the misbehavior of the former .
If any further arguments were necessary to evince the improbability of such a bias , it might be found in the nature of the agency of the Senate in the business of appointments .
It will be the office of the President to NOMINATE , and , with the advice and consent of the Senate , to APPOINT .
There will , of course , be no exertion of CHOICE on the part of the Senate .
They may defeat one choice of the Executive , and oblige him to make another ; but they cannot themselves CHOOSE , they can only ratify or reject the choice of the President .
Thus it could hardly happen , that the majority of the Senate would feel any other complacency towards the object of an appointment than such as the appearances of merit might inspire , and the proofs of the want of it destroy .
A FOURTH objection to the Senate in the capacity of a court of impeachments , is derived from its union with the Executive in the power of making treaties .
This , it has been said , would constitute the senators their own judges , in every case of a corrupt or perfidious execution of that trust .
This objection has been circulated with more earnestness and with greater show of reason than any other which has appeared against this part of the plan ; and yet I am deceived if it does not rest upon an erroneous foundation .
The security essentially intended by the Constitution against corruption and treachery in the formation of treaties , is to be sought for in the numbers and characters of those who are to make them .
How , in fact , could a majority in the House of Representatives impeach themselves ?
Not better , it is evident , than two thirds of the Senate might try themselves .
So far as might concern the misbehavior of the Executive in perverting the instructions or contravening the views of the Senate , we need not be apprehensive of the want of a disposition in that body to punish the abuse of their confidence or to vindicate their own authority .
We may thus far count upon their pride , if not upon their virtue .
In that of New Jersey , also , the final judiciary authority is in a branch of the legislature .
In New Hampshire , Massachusetts , Pennsylvanis , and South Carolina , one branch of the legislature is the court for the trial of impeachments .
The Executive Department From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , March 11 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : THE constitution of the executive department of the proposed government , claims next our attention .
There is hardly any part of the system which could have been attended with greater difficulty in the arrangement of it than this ; and there is , perhaps , none which has been inveighed against with less candor or criticised with less judgment .
Here the writers against the Constitution seem to have taken pains to signalize their talent of misrepresentation .
Calculating upon the aversion of the people to monarchy , they have endeavored to enlist all their jealousies and apprehensions in opposition to the intended President of the United States ; not merely as the embryo , but as the full-grown progeny , of that detested parent .
To establish the pretended affinity , they have not scrupled to draw resources even from the regions of fiction .
The authorities of a magistrate , in few instances greater , in some instances less , than those of a governor of New York , have been magnified into more than royal prerogatives .
He has been decorated with attributes superior in dignity and splendor to those of a king of Great Britain .
He has been shown to us with the diadem sparkling on his brow and the imperial purple flowing in his train .
He has been seated on a throne surrounded with minions and mistresses , giving audience to the envoys of foreign potentates , in all the supercilious pomp of majesty .
The images of Asiatic despotism and voluptuousness have scarcely been wanting to crown the exaggerated scene .
We have been taught to tremble at the terrific visages of murdering janizaries , and to blush at the unveiled mysteries of a future seraglio .
They so far exceed the usual though unjustifiable licenses of party artifice , that even in a disposition the most candid and tolerant , they must force the sentiments which favor an indulgent construction of the conduct of political adversaries to give place to a voluntary and unreserved indignation .
It is impossible not to bestow the imputation of deliberate imposture and deception upon the gross pretense of a similitude between a king of Great Britain and a magistrate of the character marked out for that of the President of the United States .
It is still more impossible to withhold that imputation from the rash and barefaced expedients which have been employed to give success to the attempted imposition .
In one instance , which I cite as a sample of the general spirit , the temerity has proceeded so far as to ascribe to the President of the United States a power which by the instrument reported is EXPRESSLY allotted to the Executives of the individual States .
I mean the power of filling casual vacancies in the Senate .
Let him now be confronted with the evidence of the fact , and let him , if he be able , justify or extenuate the shameful outrage he has offered to the dictates of truth and to the rules of fair dealing .
Immediately after this clause follows another in these words : " The President shall have power to fill up ? ?
VACANCIES that may happen DURING THE RECESS OF THE SENATE , by granting commissions which shall EXPIRE AT THE END OF THEIR NEXT SESSION . "
It is from this last provision that the pretended power of the President to fill vacancies in the Senate has been deduced .
A slight attention to the connection of the clauses , and to the obvious meaning of the terms , will satisfy us that the deduction is not even colorable .
This position will hardly be contested .
The last of these two clauses , it is equally clear , cannot be understood to comprehend the power of filling vacancies in the Senate , for the following reasons : First .
But lastly , the first and second clauses of the third section of the first article , not only obviate all possibility of doubt , but destroy the pretext of misconception .
Nor have I scrupled , in so flagrant a case , to allow myself a severity of animadversion little congenial with the general spirit of these papers .
I hesitate not to submit it to the decision of any candid and honest adversary of the proposed government , whether language can furnish epithets of too much asperity , for so shameless and so prostitute an attempt to impose on the citizens of America .
1 See CATO , No .
V. 2 Article I , section 3 , clause I.
The Mode of Electing the President From the New York Packet .
Friday , March 14 , 1788 .
It unites in an eminent degree all the advantages , the union of which was to be wished for .
It was desirable that the sense of the people should operate in the choice of the person to whom so important a trust was to be confided .
This end will be answered by committing the right of making it , not to any preestablished body , but to men chosen by the people for the special purpose , and at the particular conjuncture .
A small number of persons , selected by their fellow-citizens from the general mass , will be most likely to possess the information and discernment requisite to such complicated investigations .
It was also peculiarly desirable to afford as little opportunity as possible to tumult and disorder .
This evil was not least to be dreaded in the election of a magistrate , who was to have so important an agency in the administration of the government as the President of the United States .
But the precautions which have been so happily concerted in the system under consideration , promise an effectual security against this mischief .
The choice of SEVERAL , to form an intermediate body of electors , will be much less apt to convulse the community with any extraordinary or violent movements , than the choice of ONE who was himself to be the final object of the public wishes .
Nothing was more to be desired than that every practicable obstacle should be opposed to cabal , intrigue , and corruption .
These most deadly adversaries of republican government might naturally have been expected to make their approaches from more than one quarter , but chiefly from the desire in foreign powers to gain an improper ascendant in our councils .
How could they better gratify this , than by raising a creature of their own to the chief magistracy of the Union ?
But the convention have guarded against all danger of this sort , with the most provident and judicious attention .
And they have excluded from eligibility to this trust , all those who from situation might be suspected of too great devotion to the President in office .
No senator , representative , or other person holding a place of trust or profit under the United States , can be of the numbers of the electors .
Thus without corrupting the body of the people , the immediate agents in the election will at least enter upon the task free from any sinister bias .
Their transient existence , and their detached situation , already taken notice of , afford a satisfactory prospect of their continuing so , to the conclusion of it .
The business of corruption , when it is to embrace so considerable a number of men , requires time as well as means .
Nor would it be found easy suddenly to embark them , dispersed as they would be over thirteen States , in any combinations founded upon motives , which though they could not properly be denominated corrupt , might yet be of a nature to mislead them from their duty .
Another and no less important desideratum was , that the Executive should be independent for his continuance in office on all but the people themselves .
He might otherwise be tempted to sacrifice his duty to his complaisance for those whose favor was necessary to the duration of his official consequence .
This advantage will also be secured , by making his re-election to depend on a special body of representatives , deputed by the society for the single purpose of making the important choice .
Their votes , thus given , are to be transmitted to the seat of the national government , and the person who may happen to have a majority of the whole number of votes will be the President .
The process of election affords a moral certainty , that the office of President will never fall to the lot of any man who is not in an eminent degree endowed with the requisite qualifications .
It will not be too strong to say , that there will be a constant probability of seeing the station filled by characters pre-eminent for ability and virtue .
And this will be thought no inconsiderable recommendation of the Constitution , by those who are able to estimate the share which the executive in every government must necessarily have in its good or ill administration .
The Vice-President is to be chosen in the same manner with the President ; with this difference , that the Senate is to do , in respect to the former , what is to be done by the House of Representatives , in respect to the latter .
The appointment of an extraordinary person , as Vice-President , has been objected to as superfluous , if not mischievous .
It has been alleged , that it would have been preferable to have authorized the Senate to elect out of their own body an officer answering that description .
But two considerations seem to justify the ideas of the convention in this respect .
One is , that to secure at all times the possibility of a definite resolution of the body , it is necessary that the President should have only a casting vote .
And to take the senator of any State from his seat as senator , to place him in that of President of the Senate , would be to exchange , in regard to the State from which he came , a constant for a contingent vote .
It is remarkable that in this , as in most other instances , the objection which is made would lie against the constitution of this State .
We have a Lieutenant-Governor , chosen by the people at large , who presides in the Senate , and is the constitutional substitute for the Governor , in casualties similar to those which would authorize the Vice-President to exercise the authorities and discharge the duties of the President .
1 Vide FEDERAL FARMER .
The Real Character of the Executive From the New York Packet .
Friday , March 14 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : I PROCEED now to trace the real characters of the proposed Executive , as they are marked out in the plan of the convention .
This will serve to place in a strong light the unfairness of the representations which have been made in regard to it .
The first thing which strikes our attention is , that the executive authority , with few exceptions , is to be vested in a single magistrate .
That magistrate is to be elected for FOUR years ; and is to be re-eligible as often as the people of the United States shall think him worthy of their confidence .
The person of the king of Great Britain is sacred and inviolable ; there is no constitutional tribunal to which he is amenable ; no punishment to which he can be subjected without involving the crisis of a national revolution .
In this delicate and important circumstance of personal responsibility , the President of Confederated America would stand upon no better ground than a governor of New York , and upon worse ground than the governors of Maryland and Delaware .
The king of Great Britain , on his part , has an absolute negative upon the acts of the two houses of Parliament .
The qualified negative of the President differs widely from this absolute negative of the British sovereign ; and tallies exactly with the revisionary authority of the council of revision of this State , of which the governor is a constituent part .
The President is to be the " commander-in-chief of the army and navy of the United States , and of the militia of the several States , when called into the actual service of the United States .
In most of these particulars , the power of the President will resemble equally that of the king of Great Britain and of the governor of New York .
The most material points of difference are these : First .
The President will have only the occasional command of such part of the militia of the nation as by legislative provision may be called into the actual service of the Union .
The king of Great Britain and the governor of New York have at all times the entire command of all the militia within their several jurisdictions .
In this article , therefore , the power of the President would be inferior to that of either the monarch or the governor .
The President is to be commander-in-chief of the army and navy of the United States .
In this respect his authority would be nominally the same with that of the king of Great Britain , but in substance much inferior to it .
The power of the President , in respect to pardons , would extend to all cases , EXCEPT THOSE OF IMPEACHMENT .
The governor of New York may pardon in all cases , even in those of impeachment , except for treason and murder .
Is not the power of the governor , in this article , on a calculation of political consequences , greater than that of the President ?
All conspiracies and plots against the government , which have not been matured into actual treason , may be screened from punishment of every kind , by the interposition of the prerogative of pardoning .
If a governor of New York , therefore , should be at the head of any such conspiracy , until the design had been ripened into actual hostility he could insure his accomplices and adherents an entire impunity .
A President of the Union , on the other hand , though he may even pardon treason , when prosecuted in the ordinary course of law , could shelter no offender , in any degree , from the effects of impeachment and conviction .
The President can only adjourn the national legislature in the single case of disagreement about the time of adjournment .
The British monarch may prorogue or even dissolve the Parliament .
The governor of New York may also prorogue the legislature of this State for a limited time ; a power which , in certain situations , may be employed to very important purposes .
The President is to have power , with the advice and consent of the Senate , to make treaties , provided two thirds of the senators present concur .
The king of Great Britain is the sole and absolute representative of the nation in all foreign transactions .
He can of his own accord make treaties of peace , commerce , alliance , and of every other description .
It has been insinuated , that his authority in this respect is not conclusive , and that his conventions with foreign powers are subject to the revision , and stand in need of the ratification , of Parliament .
But I believe this doctrine was never heard of , until it was broached upon the present occasion .
In this respect , therefore , there is no comparison between the intended power of the President and the actual power of the British sovereign .
The one can perform alone what the other can do only with the concurrence of a branch of the legislature .
It must be admitted , that , in this instance , the power of the federal Executive would exceed that of any State Executive .
But this arises naturally from the sovereign power which relates to treaties .
If the Confederacy were to be dissolved , it would become a question , whether the Executives of the several States were not solely invested with that delicate and important prerogative .
The President is also to be authorized to receive ambassadors and other public ministers .
This , though it has been a rich theme of declamation , is more a matter of dignity than of authority .
The king of Great Britain is emphatically and truly styled the fountain of honor .
He not only appoints to all offices , but can create offices .
He can confer titles of nobility at pleasure ; and has the disposal of an immense number of church preferments .
The power of appointment is with us lodged in a council , composed of the governor and four members of the Senate , chosen by the Assembly .
The governor CLAIMS , and has frequently EXERCISED , the right of nomination , and is ENTITLED to a casting vote in the appointment .
If he really has the right of nominating , his authority is in this respect equal to that of the President , and exceeds it in the article of the casting vote .
Hence it appears that , except as to the concurrent authority of the President in the article of treaties , it would be difficult to determine whether that magistrate would , in the aggregate , possess more or less power than the Governor of New York .
And it appears yet more unequivocally , that there is no pretense for the parallel which has been attempted between him and the king of Great Britain .
But to render the contrast in this respect still more striking , it may be of use to throw the principal circumstances of dissimilitude into a closer group .
The President of the United States would be an officer elected by the people for FOUR years ; the king of Great Britain is a perpetual and HEREDITARY prince .
The one would be amenable to personal punishment and disgrace ; the person of the other is sacred and inviolable .
The one would have a QUALIFIED negative upon the acts of the legislative body ; the other has an ABSOLUTE negative .
The one would have a right to command the military and naval forces of the nation ; the other , in addition to this right , possesses that of DECLARING war , and of RAISING and REGULATING fleets and armies by his own authority .
The one would have a concurrent power with a branch of the legislature in the formation of treaties ; the other is the SOLE POSSESSOR of the power of making treaties .
The one would have a like concurrent authority in appointing to offices ; the other is the sole author of all appointments .
The one can confer no privileges whatever ; the other can make denizens of aliens , noblemen of commoners ; can erect corporations with all the rights incident to corporate bodies .
The one has no particle of spiritual jurisdiction ; the other is the supreme head and governor of the national church !
What answer shall we give to those who would persuade us that things so unlike resemble each other ?
The same that ought to be given to those who tell us that a government , the whole power of which would be in the hands of the elective and periodical servants of the people , is an aristocracy , a monarchy , and a despotism .
1 A writer in a Pennsylvania paper , under the signature of TAMONY , has asserted that the king of Great Britain owes his prerogative as commander-in-chief to an annual mutiny bill .
2 Vide Blackstone 's " Commentaries , " vol i . , p .
3 Candor , however , demands an acknowledgment that I do not think the claim of the governor to a right of nomination well founded .
Yet it is always justifiable to reason from the practice of a government , till its propriety has been constitutionally questioned .
And independent of this claim , when we take into view the other considerations , and pursue them through all their consequences , we shall be inclined to draw much the same conclusion .
* There are two slightly different versions of No. 70 included here .
The Executive Department Further Considered From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , March 18 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : THERE is an idea , which is not without its advocates , that a vigorous Executive is inconsistent with the genius of republican government .
The enlightened well-wishers to this species of government must at least hope that the supposition is destitute of foundation ; since they can never admit its truth , without at the same time admitting the condemnation of their own principles .
Energy in the Executive is a leading character in the definition of good government .
There can be no need , however , to multiply arguments or examples on this head .
A feeble Executive implies a feeble execution of the government .
A feeble execution is but another phrase for a bad execution ; and a government ill executed , whatever it may be in theory , must be , in practice , a bad government .
Taking it for granted , therefore , that all men of sense will agree in the necessity of an energetic Executive , it will only remain to inquire , what are the ingredients which constitute this energy ?
How far can they be combined with those other ingredients which constitute safety in the republican sense ?
And how far does this combination characterize the plan which has been reported by the convention ?
The ingredients which constitute energy in the Executive are , first , unity ; secondly , duration ; thirdly , an adequate provision for its support ; fourthly , competent powers .
The ingredients which constitute safety in the repub lican sense are , first , a due dependence on the people , secondly , a due responsibility .
Those politicians and statesmen who have been the most celebrated for the soundness of their principles and for the justice of their views , have declared in favor of a single Executive and a numerous legislature .
That unity is conducive to energy will not be disputed .
Decision , activity , secrecy , and despatch will generally characterize the proceedings of one man in a much more eminent degree than the proceedings of any greater number ; and in proportion as the number is increased , these qualities will be diminished .
Of the first , the two Consuls of Rome may serve as an example ; of the last , we shall find examples in the constitutions of several of the States .
They are both liable , if not to equal , to similar objections , and may in most lights be examined in conjunction .
The experience of other nations will afford little instruction on this head .
As far , however , as it teaches any thing , it teaches us not to be enamoured of plurality in the Executive .
We have seen that the Achaeans , on an experiment of two Praetors , were induced to abolish one .
The Roman history records many instances of mischiefs to the republic from the dissensions between the Consuls , and between the military Tribunes , who were at times substituted for the Consuls .
But it gives us no specimens of any peculiar advantages derived to the state from the circumstance of the plurality of those magistrates .
This expedient must , no doubt , have had great influence in preventing those collisions and rivalships which might otherwise have embroiled the peace of the republic .
But quitting the dim light of historical research , attaching ourselves purely to the dictates of reason and good sense , we shall discover much greater cause to reject than to approve the idea of plurality in the Executive , under any modification whatever .
Wherever two or more persons are engaged in any common enterprise or pursuit , there is always danger of difference of opinion .
If it be a public trust or office , in which they are clothed with equal dignity and authority , there is peculiar danger of personal emulation and even animosity .
From either , and especially from all these causes , the most bitter dissensions are apt to spring .
Whenever these happen , they lessen the respectability , weaken the authority , and distract the plans and operation of those whom they divide .
If they should unfortunately assail the supreme executive magistracy of a country , consisting of a plurality of persons , they might impede or frustrate the most important measures of the government , in the most critical emergencies of the state .
And what is still worse , they might split the community into the most violent and irreconcilable factions , adhering differently to the different individuals who composed the magistracy .
Men often oppose a thing , merely because they have had no agency in planning it , or because it may have been planned by those whom they dislike .
But if they have been consulted , and have happened to disapprove , opposition then becomes , in their estimation , an indispensable duty of self-love .
They seem to think themselves bound in honor , and by all the motives of personal infallibility , to defeat the success of what has been resolved upon contrary to their sentiments .
Perhaps the question now before the public may , in its consequences , afford melancholy proofs of the effects of this despicable frailty , or rather detestable vice , in the human character .
Upon the principles of a free government , inconveniences from the source just mentioned must necessarily be submitted to in the formation of the legislature ; but it is unnecessary , and therefore unwise , to introduce them into the constitution of the Executive .
It is here too that they may be most pernicious .
In the legislature , promptitude of decision is oftener an evil than a benefit .
The differences of opinion , and the jarrings of parties in that department of the government , though they may sometimes obstruct salutary plans , yet often promote deliberation and circumspection , and serve to check excesses in the majority .
When a resolution too is once taken , the opposition must be at an end .
That resolution is a law , and resistance to it punishable .
But no favorable circumstances palliate or atone for the disadvantages of dissension in the executive department .
Here , they are pure and unmixed .
There is no point at which they cease to operate .
They serve to embarrass and weaken the execution of the plan or measure to which they relate , from the first step to the final conclusion of it .
They constantly counteract those qualities in the Executive which are the most necessary ingredients in its composition , vigor and expedition , and this without anycounterbalancing good .
In the conduct of war , in which the energy of the Executive is the bulwark of the national security , every thing would be to be apprehended from its plurality .
An artful cabal in that council would be able to distract and to enervate the whole system of administration .
If no such cabal should exist , the mere diversity of views and opinions would alone be sufficient to tincture the exercise of the executive authority with a spirit of habitual feebleness and dilatoriness .
But one of the weightiest objections to a plurality in the Executive , and which lies as much against the last as the first plan , is , that it tends to conceal faults and destroy responsibility .
Responsibility is of two kinds to censure and to punishment .
The first is the more important of the two , especially in an elective office .
Man , in public trust , will much oftener act in such a manner as to render him unworthy of being any longer trusted , than in such a manner as to make him obnoxious to legal punishment .
But the multiplication of the Executive adds to the difficulty of detection in either case .
It often becomes impossible , amidst mutual accusations , to determine on whom the blame or the punishment of a pernicious measure , or series of pernicious measures , ought really to fall .
It is shifted from one to another with so much dexterity , and under such plausible appearances , that the public opinion is left in suspense about the real author .
I was overruled by my council .
The council were so divided in their opinions that it was impossible to obtain any better resolution on the point . "
These and similar pretexts are constantly at hand , whether true or false .
And who is there that will either take the trouble or incur the odium , of a strict scrunity into the secret springs of the transaction ?
In the single instance in which the governor of this State is coupled with a council that is , in the appointment to offices , we have seen the mischiefs of it in the view now under consideration .
Scandalous appointments to important offices have been made .
Some cases , indeed , have been so flagrant that ALL PARTIES have agreed in the impropriety of the thing .
In tenderness to individuals , I forbear to descend to particulars .
In England , the king is a perpetual magistrate ; and it is a maxim which has obtained for the sake of the pub lic peace , that he is unaccountable for his administration , and his person sacred .
Nothing , therefore , can be wiser in that kingdom , than to annex to the king a constitutional council , who may be responsible to the nation for the advice they give .
Without this , there would be no responsibility whatever in the executive department an idea inadmissible in a free government .
But even there the king is not bound by the resolutions of his council , though they are answerable for the advice they give .
He is the absolute master of his own conduct in the exercise of his office , and may observe or disregard the counsel given to him at his sole discretion .
But in a republic , where every magistrate ought to be personally responsible for his behavior in office the reason which in the British Constitution dictates the propriety of a council , not only ceases to apply , but turns against the institution .
In the monarchy of Great Britain , it furnishes a substitute for the prohibited responsibility of the chief magistrate , which serves in some degree as a hostage to the national justice for his good behavior .
In the American republic , it would serve to destroy , or would greatly diminish , the intended and necessary responsibility of the Chief Magistrate himself .
The idea of a council to the Executive , which has so generally obtained in the State constitutions , has been derived from that maxim of republican jealousy which considers power as safer in the hands of a number of men than of a single man .
If the maxim should be admitted to be applicable to the case , I should contend that the advantage on that side would not counterbalance the numerous disadvantages on the opposite side .
But I do not think the rule at all applicable to the executive power .
A little consideration will satisfy us , that the species of security sought for in the multiplication of the Executive , is nattainable .
Numbers must be so great as to render combination difficult , or they are rather a source of danger than of security .
The united credit and influence of several individuals must be more formidable to liberty , than the credit and influence of either of them separately .
The Decemvirs of Rome , whose name denotes their number , 3 were more to be dreaded in their usurpation than any ONE of them would have been .
No person would think of proposing an Executive much more numerous than that body ; from six to a dozen have been suggested for the number of the council .
The extreme of these numbers , is not too great for an easy combination ; and from such a combination America would have more to fear , than from the ambition of any single individual .
A council to a magistrate , who is himself responsible for what he does , are generally nothing better than a clog upon his good intentions , are often the instruments and accomplices of his bad and are almost always a cloak to his faults .
1 New York has no council except for the single purpose of appointing to offices ; New Jersey has a council whom the governor may consult .
But I think , from the terms of the constitution , their resolutions do not bind him .
2 De Lolme .
* There are two slightly different versions of No. 70 included here .
The Executive Department Further Considered From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , March 18 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : THERE is an idea , which is not without its advocates , that a vigorous Executive is inconsistent with the genius of republican government .
The enlightened well-wishers to this species of government must at least hope that the supposition is destitute of foundation ; since they can never admit its truth , without at the same time admitting the condemnation of their own principles .
Energy in the Executive is a leading character in the definition of good government .
There can be no need , however , to multiply arguments or examples on this head .
A feeble Executive implies a feeble execution of the government .
A feeble execution is but another phrase for a bad execution ; and a government ill executed , whatever it may be in theory , must be , in practice , a bad government .
Taking it for granted , therefore , that all men of sense will agree in the necessity of an energetic Executive , it will only remain to inquire , what are the ingredients which constitute this energy ?
How far can they be combined with those other ingredients which constitute safety in the republican sense ?
And how far does this combination characterize the plan which has been reported by the convention ?
The ingredients which constitute energy in the Executive are , first , unity ; secondly , duration ; thirdly , an adequate provision for its support ; fourthly , competent powers .
The ingredients which constitute safety in the repub lican sense are , first , a due dependence on the people , secondly , a due responsibility .
Those politicians and statesmen who have been the most celebrated for the soundness of their principles and for the justice of their views , have declared in favor of a single Executive and a numerous legislature .
That unity is conducive to energy will not be disputed .
Decision , activity , secrecy , and despatch will generally characterize the proceedings of one man in a much more eminent degree than the proceedings of any greater number ; and in proportion as the number is increased , these qualities will be diminished .
Of the first , the two Consuls of Rome may serve as an example ; of the last , we shall find examples in the constitutions of several of the States .
They are both liable , if not to equal , to similar objections , and may in most lights be examined in conjunction .
The experience of other nations will afford little instruction on this head .
As far , however , as it teaches any thing , it teaches us not to be enamoured of plurality in the Executive .
We have seen that the Achaeans , on an experiment of two Praetors , were induced to abolish one .
The Roman history records many instances of mischiefs to the republic from the dissensions between the Consuls , and between the military Tribunes , who were at times substituted for the Consuls .
But it gives us no specimens of any peculiar advantages derived to the state from the circumstance of the plurality of those magistrates .
This expedient must , no doubt , have had great influence in preventing those collisions and rivalships which might otherwise have embroiled the peace of the republic .
But quitting the dim light of historical research , attaching ourselves purely to the dictates of reason and good se se , we shall discover much greater cause to reject than to approve the idea of plurality in the Executive , under any modification whatever .
Wherever two or more persons are engaged in any common enterprise or pursuit , there is always danger of difference of opinion .
If it be a public trust or office , in which they are clothed with equal dignity and authority , there is peculiar danger of personal emulation and even animosity .
From either , and especially from all these causes , the most bitter dissensions are apt to spring .
Whenever these happen , they lessen the respectability , weaken the authority , and distract the plans and operation of those whom they divide .
If they should unfortunately assail the supreme executive magistracy of a country , consisting of a plurality of persons , they might impede or frustrate the most important measures of the government , in the most critical emergencies of the state .
And what is still worse , they might split the community into the most violent and irreconcilable factions , adhering differently to the different individuals who composed the magistracy .
Men often oppose a thing , merely because they have had no agency in planning it , or because it may have been planned by those whom they dislike .
But if they have been consulted , and have happened to disapprove , opposition then becomes , in their estimation , an indispensable duty of self-love .
They seem to think themselves bound in honor , and by all the motives of personal infallibility , to defeat the success of what has been resolved upon contrary to their sentiments .
Perhaps the question now before the public may , in its consequences , afford melancholy proofs of the effects of this despicable frailty , or rather detestable vice , in the human character .
Upon the principles of a free government , inconveniences from the source just mentioned must necessarily be submitted to in the formation of the legislature ; but it is unnecessary , and therefore unwise , to introduce them into the constitution of the Executive .
It is here too that they may be most pernicious .
In the legislature , promptitude of decision is oftener an evil than a benefit .
The differences of opinion , and the jarrings of parties in that department of the government , though they may sometimes obstruct salutary plans , yet often promote deliberation and circumspection , and serve to check excesses in the majority .
When a resolution too is once taken , the opposition must be at an end .
That resolution is a law , and resistance to it punishable .
But no favorable circumstances palliate or atone for the disadvantages of dissension in the executive department .
Here , they are pure and unmixed .
There is no point at which they cease to operate .
They serve to embarrass and weaken the execution of the plan or measure to which they relate , from the first step to the final conclusion of it .
They constantly counteract those qualities in the Executive which are the most necessary ingredients in its composition , vigor and expedition , and this without anycounterbalancing good .
In the conduct of war , in which the energy of the Executive is the bulwark of the national security , every thing would be to be apprehended from its plurality .
An artful cabal in that council would be able to distract and to enervate the whole system of administration .
If no such cabal should exist , the mere diversity of views and opinions would alone be sufficient to tincture the exercise of the executive authority with a spirit of habitual feebleness and dilatoriness .
But one of the weightiest objections to a plurality in the Executive , and which lies as much against the last as the first plan , is , that it tends to conceal faults and destroy responsibility .
Responsibility is of two kinds to censure and to punishment .
The first is the more important of the two , especially in an elective office .
Man , in public trust , will much oftener act in such a manner as to render him unworthy of being any longer trusted , than in such a manner as to make him obnoxious to legal punishment .
But the multiplication of the Executive adds to the difficulty of detection in either case .
It often becomes impossible , amidst mutual accusations , to determine on whom the blame or the punishment of a pernicious measure , or series of pernicious measures , ought really to fall .
It is shifted from one to another with so much dexterity , and under such plausible appearances , that the public opinion is left in suspense about the real author .
I was overruled by my council .
The council were so divided in their opinions that it was impossible to obtain any better resolution on the point . "
These and similar pretexts are constantly at hand , whether true or false .
And who is there that will either take the trouble or incur the odium , of a strict scrunity into the secret springs of the transaction ?
In the single instance in which the governor of this State is coupled with a council that is , in the appointment to offices , we have seen the mischiefs of it in the view now under consideration .
Scandalous appointments to important offices have been made .
Some cases , indeed , have been so flagrant that ALL PARTIES have agreed in the impropriety of the thing .
In tenderness to individuals , I forbear to descend to particulars .
In England , the king is a perpetual magistrate ; and it is a maxim which has obtained for the sake of the pub lic peace , that he is unaccountable for his administration , and his person sacred .
Nothing , therefore , can be wiser in that kingdom , than to annex to the king a constitutional council , who may be responsible to the nation for the advice they give .
Without this , there would be no responsibility whatever in the executive department an idea inadmissible in a free government .
But even there the king is not bound by the resolutions of his council , though they are answerable for the advice they give .
He is the absolute master of his own conduct in the exercise of his office , and may observe or disregard the counsel given to him at his sole discretion .
But in a republic , where every magistrate ought to be personally responsible for his behavior in office the reason which in the British Constitution dictates the propriety of a council , not only ceases to apply , but turns against the institution .
In the monarchy of Great Britain , it furnishes a substitute for the prohibited responsibility of the chief magistrate , which serves in some degree as a hostage to the national justice for his good behavior .
In the American republic , it would serve to destroy , or would greatly diminish , the intended and necessary responsibility of the Chief Magistrate himself .
The idea of a council to the Executive , which has so generally obtained in the State constitutions , has been derived from that maxim of republican jealousy which considers power as safer in the hands of a number of men than of a single man .
If the maxim should be admitted to be applicable to the case , I should contend that the advantage on that side would not counterbalance the numerous disadvantages on the opposite side .
But I do not think the rule at all applicable to the executive power .
A little consideration will satisfy us , that the species of security sought for in the multiplication of the Executive , is nattainable .
Numbers must be so great as to render combination difficult , or they are rather a source of danger than of security .
The united credit and influence of several individuals must be more formidable to liberty , than the credit and influence of either of them separately .
The Decemvirs of Rome , whose name denotes their number , 3 were more to be dreaded in their usurpation than any ONE of them would have been .
No person would think of proposing an Executive much more numerous than that body ; from six to a dozen have been suggested for the number of the council .
The extreme of these numbers , is not too great for an easy combination ; and from such a combination America would have more to fear , than from the ambition of any single individual .
A council to a magistrate , who is himself responsible for what he does , are generally nothing better than a clog upon his good intentions , are often the instruments and accomplices of his bad and are almost always a cloak to his faults .
1 New York has no council except for the single purpose of appointing to offices ; New Jersey has a council whom the governor may consult .
But I think , from the terms of the constitution , their resolutions do not bind him .
2 De Lolme .
The Duration in Office of the Executive From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , March 18 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : DURATION in office has been mentioned as the second requisite to the energy of the Executive authority .
This has relation to two objects : to the personal firmness of the executive magistrate , in the employment of his constitutional powers ; and to the stability of the system of administration which may have been adopted under his auspices .
With regard to the first , it must be evident , that the longer the duration in office , the greater will be the probability of obtaining so important an advantage .
This remark is not less applicable to a political privilege , or honor , or trust , than to any article of ordinary property .
In either case , feebleness and irresolution must be the characteristics of the station .
There are some who would be inclined to regard the servile pliancy of the Executive to a prevailing current , either in the community or in the legislature , as its best recommendation .
But such men entertain very crude notions , as well of the purposes for which government was instituted , as of the true means by which the public happiness may be promoted .
It is a just observation , that the people commonly INTEND the PUBLIC GOOD .
This often applies to their very errors .
But their good sense would despise the adulator who should pretend that they always REASON RIGHT about the MEANS of promoting it .
But however inclined we might be to insist upon an unbounded complaisance in the Executive to the inclinations of the people , we can with no propriety contend for a like complaisance to the humors of the legislature .
The latter may sometimes stand in opposition to the former , and at other times the people may be entirely neutral .
In either supposition , it is certainly desirable that the Executive should be in a situation to dare to act his own opinion with vigor and decision .
The same rule which teaches the propriety of a partition between the various branches of power , teaches us likewise that this partition ought to be so contrived as to render the one independent of the other .
To what purpose separate the executive or the judiciary from the legislative , if both the executive and the judiciary are so constituted as to be at the absolute devotion of the legislative ?
Such a separation must be merely nominal , and incapable of producing the ends for which it was established .
It is one thing to be subordinate to the laws , and another to be dependent on the legislative body .
The first comports with , the last violates , the fundamental principles of good government ; and , whatever may be the forms of the Constitution , unites all power in the same hands .
The tendency of the legislative authority to absorb every other , has been fully displayed and illustrated by examples in some preceding numbers .
In governments purely republican , this tendency is almost irresistible .
It may perhaps be asked , how the shortness of the duration in office can affect the independence of the Executive on the legislature , unless the one were possessed of the power of appointing or displacing the other .
It cannot be affirmed , that a duration of four years , or any other limited duration , would completely answer the end proposed ; but it would contribute towards it in a degree which would have a material influence upon the spirit and character of the government .
He might , then , hazard with safety , in proportion to the proofs he had given of his wisdom and integrity , and to the title he had acquired to the respect and attachment of his fellow-citizens .
What , but that he might be unequal to the task which the Constitution assigns him ?
I shall only add , that if his duration be such as to leave a doubt of his firmness , that doubt is inconsistent with a jealousy of his encroachments .
1 This was the case with respect to Mr. Fox 's India bill , which was carried in the House of Commons , and rejected in the House of Lords , to the entire satisfaction , as it is said , of the people .
The Same Subject Continued , and Re-Eligibility of the Executive Considered From the New York Packet .
Friday , March 21 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : THE administration of government , in its largest sense , comprehends all the operations of the body politic , whether legislative , executive , or judiciary ; but in its most usual , and perhaps its most precise signification .
It is limited to executive details , and falls peculiarly within the province of the executive department .
This view of the subject will at once suggest to us the intimate connection between the duration of the executive magistrate in office and the stability of the system of administration .
With a positive duration of considerable extent , I connect the circumstance of re-eligibility .
The first is necessary to give to the officer himself the inclination and the resolution to act his part well , and to the community time and leisure to observe the tendency of his measures , and thence to form an experimental estimate of their merits .
This exclusion , whether temporary or perpetual , would have nearly the same effects , and these effects would be for the most part rather pernicious than salutary .
One ill effect of the exclusion would be a diminution of the inducements to good behavior .
This position will not be disputed so long as it is admitted that the desire of reward is one of the strongest incentives of human conduct ; or that the best security for the fidelity of mankind is to make their interests coincide with their duty .
The most to be expected from the generality of men , in such a situation , is the negative merit of not doing harm , instead of the positive merit of doing good .
Another ill effect of the exclusion would be the temptation to sordid views , to peculation , and , in some instances , to usurpation .
His avarice might be a guard upon his avarice .
Add to this that the same man might be vain or ambitious , as well as avaricious .
And if he could expect to prolong his honors by his good conduct , he might hesitate to sacrifice his appetite for them to his appetite for gain .
But with the prospect before him of approaching an inevitable annihilation , his avarice would be likely to get the victory over his caution , his vanity , or his ambition .
A third ill effect of the exclusion would be , the depriving the community of the advantage of the experience gained by the chief magistrate in the exercise of his office .
That experience is the parent of wisdom , is an adage the truth of which is recognized by the wisest as well as the simplest of mankind .
What more desirable or more essential than this quality in the governors of nations ?
Where more desirable or more essential than in the first magistrate of a nation ?
Can it be wise to put this desirable and essential quality under the ban of the Constitution , and to declare that the moment it is acquired , its possessor shall be compelled to abandon the station in which it was acquired , and to which it is adapted ?
This , nevertheless , is the precise import of all those regulations which exclude men from serving their country , by the choice of their fellowcitizens , after they have by a course of service fitted themselves for doing it with a greater degree of utility .
A fourth ill effect of the exclusion would be the banishing men from stations in which , in certain emergencies of the state , their presence might be of the greatest moment to the public interest or safety .
There is no nation which has not , at one period or another , experienced an absolute necessity of the services of particular men in particular situations ; perhaps it would not be too strong to say , to the preservation of its political existence .
How unwise , therefore , must be every such self-denying ordinance as serves to prohibit a nation from making use of its own citizens in the manner best suited to its exigencies and circumstances !
A fifth ill effect of the exclusion would be , that it would operate as a constitutional interdiction of stability in the administration .
By NECESSITATING a change of men , in the first office of the nation , it would necessitate a mutability of measures .
It is not generally to be expected , that men will vary and measures remain uniform .
The contrary is the usual course of things .
These are some of the disadvantages which would flow from the principle of exclusion .
What are the advantages promised to counterbalance these disadvantages ?
They are represented to be : 1st , greater independence in the magistrate ; 2d , greater security to the people .
Unless the exclusion be perpetual , there will be no pretense to infer the first advantage .
But even in that case , may he have no object beyond his present station , to which he may sacrifice his independence ?
May he have no connections , no friends , for whom he may sacrifice it ?
It is not an easy point to determine whether his independence would be most promoted or impaired by such an arrangement .
As to the second supposed advantage , there is still greater reason to entertain doubts concerning it .
FEDERALIST No. 73 The Provision For The Support of the Executive , and the Veto Power From the New York Packet .
Friday , March 21 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : THE third ingredient towards constituting the vigor of the executive authority , is an adequate provision for its support .
It is evident that , without proper attention to this article , the separation of the executive from the legislative department would be merely nominal and nugatory .
The legislature , with a discretionary power over the salary and emoluments of the Chief Magistrate , could render him as obsequious to their will as they might think proper to make him .
They might , in most cases , either reduce him by famine , or tempt him by largesses , to surrender at discretion his judgment to their inclinations .
These expressions , taken in all the latitude of the terms , would no doubt convey more than is intended .
If it were necessary to confirm so plain a truth by facts , examples would not be wanting , even in this country , of the intimidation or seduction of the Executive by the terrors or allurements of the pecuniary arrangements of the legislative body .
It is not easy , therefore , to commend too highly the judicious attention which has been paid to this subject in the proposed Constitution .
It is impossible to imagine any provision which would have been more eligible than this .
The legislature , on the appointment of a President , is once for all to declare what shall be the compensation for his services during the time for which he shall have been elected .
This done , they will have no power to alter it , either by increase or diminution , till a new period of service by a new election commences .
They can neither weaken his fortitude by operating on his necessities , nor corrupt his integrity by appealing to his avarice .
Neither the Union , nor any of its members , will be at liberty to give , nor will he be at liberty to receive , any other emolument than that which may have been determined by the first act .
He can , of course , have no pecuniary inducement to renounce or desert the independence intended for him by the Constitution .
The last of the requisites to energy , which have been enumerated , are competent powers .
Let us proceed to consider those which are proposed to be vested in the President of the United States .
From these clear and indubitable principles results the propriety of a negative , either absolute or qualified , in the Executive , upon the acts of the legislative branches .
Without the one or the other , the former would be absolutely unable to defend himself against the depredations of the latter .
He might gradually be stripped of his authorities by successive resolutions , or annihilated by a single vote .
And in the one mode or the other , the legislative and executive powers might speedily come to be blended in the same hands .
But the power in question has a further use .
It not only serves as a shield to the Executive , but it furnishes an additional security against the enaction of improper laws .
It establishes a salutary check upon the legislative body , calculated to guard the community against the effects of faction , precipitancy , or of any impulse unfriendly to the public good , which may happen to influence a majority of that body .
But this observation , when examined , will appear rather specious than solid .
The primary inducement to conferring the power in question upon the Executive is , to enable him to defend himself ; the secondary one is to increase the chances in favor of the community against the passing of bad laws , through haste , inadvertence , or design .
It is far less probable , that culpable views of any kind should infect all the parts of the government at the same moment and in relation to the same object , than that they should by turns govern and mislead every one of them .
It may perhaps be said that the power of preventing bad laws includes that of preventing good ones ; and may be used to the one purpose as well as to the other .
But this objection will have little weight with those who can properly estimate the mischiefs of that inconstancy and mutability in the laws , which form the greatest blemish in the character and genius of our governments .
The injury which may possibly be done by defeating a few good laws , will be amply compensated by the advantage of preventing a number of bad ones .
Nor is this all .
A king of Great Britain , with all his train of sovereign attributes , and with all the influence he draws from a thousand sources , would , at this day , hesitate to put a negative upon the joint resolutions of the two houses of Parliament .
Nor is it probable , that he would ultimately venture to exert his prerogatives , but in a case of manifest propriety , or extreme necessity .
All well-informed men in that kingdom will accede to the justness of this remark .
A very considerable period has elapsed since the negative of the crown has been exercised .
It is evident that there would be greater danger of his not using his power when necessary , than of his using it too often , or too much .
An argument , indeed , against its expediency , has been drawn from this very source .
It has been represented , on this account , as a power odious in appearance , useless in practice .
But it will not follow , that because it might be rarely exercised , it would never be exercised .
I speak now with an eye to a magistrate possessing only a common share of firmness .
There are men who , under any circumstances , will have the courage to do their duty at every hazard .
But the convention have pursued a mean in this business , which will both facilitate the exercise of the power vested in this respect in the executive magistrate , and make its efficacy to depend on the sense of a considerable part of the legislative body .
Instead of an absolute negative , it is proposed to give the Executive the qualified negative already described .
This is a power which would be much more readily exercised than the other .
A man who might be afraid to defeat a law by his single VETO , might not scruple to return it for reconsideration ; subject to being finally rejected only in the event of more than one third of each house concurring in the sufficiency of his objections .
He would be encouraged by the reflection , that if his opposition should prevail , it would embark in it a very respectable proportion of the legislative body , whose influence would be united with his in supporting the propriety of his conduct in the public opinion .
A direct and categorical negative has something in the appearance of it more harsh , and more apt to irritate , than the mere suggestion of argumentative objections to be approved or disapproved by those to whom they are addressed .
In proportion as it would be less apt to offend , it would be more apt to be exercised ; and for this very reason , it may in practice be found more effectual .
It is to be hoped that it will not often happen that improper views will govern so large a proportion as two thirds of both branches of the legislature at the same time ; and this , too , in spite of the counterposing weight of the Executive .
It is at any rate far less probable that this should be the case , than that such views should taint the resolutions and conduct of a bare majority .
A power of this nature in the Executive , will often have a silent and unperceived , though forcible , operation .
This qualified negative , as has been elsewhere remarked , is in this State vested in a council , consisting of the governor , with the chancellor and judges of the Supreme Court , or any two of them .
It has been freely employed upon a variety of occasions , and frequently with success .
Two strong reasons may be imagined for this preference .
It is impossible to keep the judges too distinct from every other avocation than that of expounding the laws .
It is peculiarly dangerous to place them in a situation to be either corrupted or influenced by the Executive .
1 Mr. Abraham Yates , a warm opponent of the plan of the convention is of this number .
The Command of the Military and Naval Forces , and the Pardoning Power of the Executive From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , March 25 , 1788 .
The propriety of this provision is so evident in itself , and it is , at the same time , so consonant to the precedents of the State constitutions in general , that little need be said to explain or enforce it .
Even those of them which have , in other respects , coupled the chief magistrate with a council , have for the most part concentrated the military authority in him alone .
Of all the cares or concerns of government , the direction of war most peculiarly demands those qualities which distinguish the exercise of power by a single hand .
The direction of war implies the direction of the common strength ; and the power of directing and employing the common strength , forms a usual and essential part in the definition of the executive authority . "
The President may require the opinion , in writing , of the principal officer in each of the executive departments , upon any subject relating to the duties of their respective officers . "
This I consider as a mere redundancy in the plan , as the right for which it provides would result of itself from the office .
He is also to be authorized to grant " reprieves and pardons for offenses against the United States , EXCEPT IN CASES OF IMPEACHMENT . "
Humanity and good policy conspire to dictate , that the benign prerogative of pardoning should be as little as possible fettered or embarrassed .
The criminal code of every country partakes so much of necessary severity , that without an easy access to exceptions in favor of unfortunate guilt , justice would wear a countenance too sanguinary and cruel .
The reflection that the fate of a fellow-creature depended on his sole fiat , would naturally inspire scrupulousness and caution ; the dread of being accused of weakness or connivance , would beget equal circumspection , though of a different kind .
On the other hand , as men generally derive confidence from their numbers , they might often encourage each other in an act of obduracy , and might be less sensible to the apprehension of suspicion or censure for an injudicious or affected clemency .
On these accounts , one man appears to be a more eligible dispenser of the mercy of government , than a body of men .
The expediency of vesting the power of pardoning in the President has , if I mistake not , been only contested in relation to the crime of treason .
This , it has been urged , ought to have depended upon the assent of one , or both , of the branches of the legislative body .
I shall not deny that there are strong reasons to be assigned for requiring in this particular the concurrence of that body , or of a part of it .
As treason is a crime levelled at the immediate being of the society , when the laws have once ascertained the guilt of the offender , there seems a fitness in referring the expediency of an act of mercy towards him to the judgment of the legislature .
And this ought the rather to be the case , as the supposition of the connivance of the Chief Magistrate ought not to be entirely excluded .
But there are also strong objections to such a plan .
It is not to be doubted , that a single man of prudence and good sense is better fitted , in delicate conjunctures , to balance the motives which may plead for and against the remission of the punishment , than any numerous body whatever .
It deserves particular attention , that treason will often be connected with seditions which embrace a large proportion of the community ; as lately happened in Massachusetts .
In every such case , we might expect to see the representation of the people tainted with the same spirit which had given birth to the offense .
And when parties were pretty equally matched , the secret sympathy of the friends and favorers of the condemned person , availing itself of the good-nature and weakness of others , might frequently bestow impunity where the terror of an example was necessary .
On the other hand , when the sedition had proceeded from causes which had inflamed the resentments of the major party , they might often be found obstinate and inexorable , when policy demanded a conduct of forbearance and clemency .
The dilatory process of convening the legislature , or one of its branches , for the purpose of obtaining its sanction to the measure , would frequently be the occasion of letting slip the golden opportunity .
The loss of a week , a day , an hour , may sometimes be fatal .
A proceeding of this kind , out of the usual course , would be likely to be construed into an argument of timidity or of weakness , and would have a tendency to embolden guilt .
FEDERALIST No. 75 The Treaty-Making Power of the Executive For the Independent Journal .
To the People of the State of New York : THE President is to have power , " by and with the advice and consent of the Senate , to make treaties , provided two thirds of the senators present concur . "
Though this provision has been assailed , on different grounds , with no small degree of vehemence , I scruple not to declare my firm persuasion , that it is one of the best digested and most unexceptionable parts of the plan .
One ground of objection is the trite topic of the intermixture of powers ; some contending that the President ought alone to possess the power of making treaties ; others , that it ought to have been exclusively deposited in the Senate .
Another source of objection is derived from the small number of persons by whom a treaty may be made .
I venture to add , that the particular nature of the power of making treaties indicates a peculiar propriety in that union .
The power of making treaties is , plainly , neither the one nor the other .
It relates neither to the execution of the subsisting laws , nor to the enaction of new ones ; and still less to an exertion of the common strength .
Its objects are CONTRACTS with foreign nations , which have the force of law , but derive it from the obligations of good faith .
They are not rules prescribed by the sovereign to the subject , but agreements between sovereign and sovereign .
The power in question seems therefore to form a distinct department , and to belong , properly , neither to the legislative nor to the executive .
However proper or safe it may be in governments where the executive magistrate is an hereditary monarch , to commit to him the entire power of making treaties , it would be utterly unsafe and improper to intrust that power to an elective magistrate of four years ' duration .
It has been remarked , upon another occasion , and the remark is unquestionably just , that an hereditary monarch , though often the oppressor of his people , has personally too much stake in the government to be in any material danger of being corrupted by foreign powers .
An avaricious man might be tempted to betray the interests of the state to the acquisition of wealth .
An ambitious man might make his own aggrandizement , by the aid of a foreign power , the price of his treachery to his constituents .
To have intrusted the power of making treaties to the Senate alone , would have been to relinquish the benefits of the constitutional agency of the President in the conduct of foreign negotiations .
It is true that the Senate would , in that case , have the option of employing him in this capacity , but they would also have the option of letting it alone , and pique or cabal might induce the latter rather than the former .
While the Union would , from this cause , lose a considerable advantage in the management of its external concerns , the people would lose the additional security which would result from the co-operation of the Executive .
Though it would be imprudent to confide in him solely so important a trust , yet it cannot be doubted that his participation would materially add to the safety of the society .
It must indeed be clear to a demonstration that the joint possession of the power in question , by the President and Senate , would afford a greater prospect of security , than the separate possession of it by either of them .
The remarks made in a former number , which have been alluded to in another part of this paper , will apply with conclusive force against the admission of the House of Representatives to a share in the formation of treaties .
The fluctuating and , taking its future increase into the account , the multitudinous composition of that body , forbid us to expect in it those qualities which are essential to the proper execution of such a trust .
Accurate and comprehensive knowledge of foreign politics ; a steady and systematic adherence to the same views ; a nice and uniform sensibility to national character ; decision , SECRECY , and despatch , are incompatible with the genius of a body so variable and so numerous .
The very complication of the business , by introducing a necessity of the concurrence of so many different bodies , would of itself afford a solid objection .
The only objection which remains to be canvassed , is that which would substitute the proportion of two thirds of all the members composing the senatorial body , to that of two thirds of the members PRESENT .
If two thirds of the whole number of members had been required , it would , in many cases , from the non-attendance of a part , amount in practice to a necessity of unanimity .
And the history of every political establishment in which this principle has prevailed , is a history of impotence , perplexity , and disorder .
Proofs of this position might be adduced from the examples of the Roman Tribuneship , the Polish Diet , and the States-General of the Netherlands , did not an example at home render foreign precedents unnecessary .
To require a fixed proportion of the whole body would not , in all probability , contribute to the advantages of a numerous agency , better then merely to require a proportion of the attending members .
The former , by making a determinate number at all times requisite to a resolution , diminishes the motives to punctual attendance .
The latter , by making the capacity of the body to depend on a PROPORTION which may be varied by the absence or presence of a single member , has the contrary effect .
And as , by promoting punctuality , it tends to keep the body complete , there is great likelihood that its resolutions would generally be dictated by as great a number in this case as in the other ; while there would be much fewer occasions of delay .
FEDERALIST No. 76 The Appointing Power of the Executive From the New York Packet .
Tuesday , April 1 , 1788 .
But the Congress may by law vest the appointment of such inferior officers as they think proper , in the President alone , or in the courts of law , or in the heads of departments .
The President shall have power to fill up ALL VACANCIES which may happen DURING THE RECESS OF THE SENATE , by granting commissions which shall EXPIRE at the end of their next session . "
It has been observed in a former paper , that " the true test of a good government is its aptitude and tendency to produce a good administration . "
If the justness of this observation be admitted , the mode of appointing the officers of the United States contained in the foregoing clauses , must , when examined , be allowed to be entitled to particular commendation .
It is not easy to conceive a plan better calculated than this to promote a judicious choice of men for filling the offices of the Union ; and it will not need proof , that on this point must essentially depend the character of its administration .
It will be agreed on all hands , that the power of appointment , in ordinary cases , ought to be modified in one of three ways .
It ought either to be vested in a single man , or in a SELECT assembly of a moderate number ; or in a single man , with the concurrence of such an assembly .
The exercise of it by the people at large will be readily admitted to be impracticable ; as waiving every other consideration , it would leave them little time to do anything else .
When , therefore , mention is made in the subsequent reasonings of an assembly or body of men , what is said must be understood to relate to a select body or assembly , of the description already given .
The people collectively , from their number and from their dispersed situation , cannot be regulated in their movements by that systematic spirit of cabal and intrigue , which will be urged as the chief objections to reposing the power in question in a body of men .
Premising this , I proceed to lay it down as a rule , that one man of discernment is better fitted to analyze and estimate the peculiar qualities adapted to particular offices , than a body of men of equal or perhaps even of superior discernment .
The sole and undivided responsibility of one man will naturally beget a livelier sense of duty and a more exact regard to reputation .
He will , on this account , feel himself under stronger obligations , and more interested to investigate with care the qualities requisite to the stations to be filled , and to prefer with impartiality the persons who may have the fairest pretensions to them .
He will have FEWER personal attachments to gratify , than a body of men who may each be supposed to have an equal number ; and will be so much the less liable to be misled by the sentiments of friendship and of affection .
A single well-directed man , by a single understanding , cannot be distracted and warped by that diversity of views , feelings , and interests , which frequently distract and warp the resolutions of a collective body .
There is nothing so apt to agitate the passions of mankind as personal considerations whether they relate to ourselves or to others , who are to be the objects of our choice or preference .
The choice which may at any time happen to be made under such circumstances , will of course be the result either of a victory gained by one party over the other , or of a compromise between the parties .
In either case , the intrinsic merit of the candidate will be too often out of sight .
In the first , the qualifications best adapted to uniting the suffrages of the party , will be more considered than those which fit the person for the station .
In the last , the coalition will commonly turn upon some interested equivalent : " Give us the man we wish for this office , and you shall have the one you wish for that . "
This will be the usual condition of the bargain .
And it will rarely happen that the advancement of the public service will be the primary object either of party victories or of party negotiations .
The truth of the principles here advanced seems to have been felt by the most intelligent of those who have found fault with the provision made , in this respect , by the convention .
They contend that the President ought solely to have been authorized to make the appointments under the federal government .
There can , in this view , be no difference others , who are to be the objects of our choice or preference .
The choice which may at any time happen to be made under such circumstances , will of course be the result either of a victory gained by one party over the other , or of a compromise between the parties .
In either case , the intrinsic merit of the candidate will be too often out of sight .
In the first , the qualifications best adapted to uniting the suffrages of the party , will be more considered than those which fit the person for the station .
In the last , the coalition will commonly turn upon some interested equivalent : " Give us the man we wish for this office , and you shall have the one you wish for that . "
This will be the usual condition of the bargain .
And it will rarely happen that the advancement of the public service will be the primary object either of party victories or of party negotiations .
The truth of the principles here advanced seems to have been felt by the most intelligent of those who have found fault with the provision made , in this respect , by the convention .
They contend that the President ought solely to have been authorized to make the appointments under the federal government .
There can , in this view , be no difference between nominating and appointing .
The same motives which would influence a proper discharge of his duty in one case , would exist in the other .
And as no man could be appointed but on his previous nomination , every man who might be appointed would be , in fact , his choice .
But might not his nomination be overruled ?
I grant it might , yet this could only be to make place for another nomination by himself .
The person ultimately appointed must be the object of his preference , though perhaps not in the first degree .
It is also not very probable that his nomination would often be overruled .
The Senate could not be tempted , by the preference they might feel to another , to reject the one proposed ; because they could not assure themselves , that the person they might wish would be brought forward by a second or by any subsequent nomination .
To what purpose then require the co-operation of the Senate ?
I answer , that the necessity of their concurrence would have a powerful , though , in general , a silent operation .
It would be an excellent check upon a spirit of favoritism in the President , and would tend greatly to prevent the appointment of unfit characters from State prejudice , from family connection , from personal attachment , or from a view to popularity .
In addition to this , it would be an efficacious source of stability in the administration .
The possibility of rejection would be a strong motive to care in proposing .
To this reasoning it has been objected that the President , by the influence of the power of nomination , may secure the complaisance of the Senate to his views .
This supposition of universal venalty in human nature is little less an error in political reasoning , than the supposition of universal rectitude .
The institution of delegated power implies , that there is a portion of virtue and honor among mankind , which may be a reasonable foundation of confidence ; and experience justifies the theory .
It has been found to exist in the most corrupt periods of the most corrupt governments .
The venalty of the British House of Commons has been long a topic of accusation against that body , in the country to which they belong as well as in this ; and it cannot be doubted that the charge is , to a considerable extent , well founded .
But it is as little to be doubted , that there is always a large proportion of the body , which consists of independent and public-spirited men , who have an influential weight in the councils of the nation .
Hence it is ( the present reign not excepted ) that the sense of that body is often seen to control the inclinations of the monarch , both with regard to men and to measures .
Though it might therefore be allowable to suppose that the Executive might occasionally influence some individuals in the Senate , yet the supposition , that he could in general purchase the integrity of the whole body , would be forced and improbable .
Nor is the integrity of the Senate the only reliance .
The Appointing Power Continued and Other Powers of the Executive Considered From the New York Packet .
Friday , April 4 , 1788 .
To the People of the State of New York : IT HAS been mentioned as one of the advantages to be expected from the co-operation of the Senate , in the business of appointments , that it would contribute to the stability of the administration .
The consent of that body would be necessary to displace as well as to appoint .
A change of the Chief Magistrate , therefore , would not occasion so violent or so general a revolution in the officers of the government as might be expected , if he were the sole disposer of offices .
To state the first in its proper form , is to refute it .
It amounts to this : the President would have an improper INFLUENCE OVER the Senate , because the Senate would have the power of RESTRAINING him .
This is an absurdity in terms .
It cannot admit of a doubt that the entire power of appointment would enable him much more effectually to establish a dangerous empire over that body , than a mere power of nomination subject to their control .
Let us take a view of the converse of the proposition : " the Senate would influence the Executive . "
As I have had occasion to remark in several other instances , the indistinctness of the objection forbids a precise answer .
In what manner is this influence to be exerted ?
In relation to what objects ?
The power of influencing a person , in the sense in which it is here used , must imply a power of conferring a benefit upon him .
How could the Senate confer a benefit upon the President by the manner of employing their right of negative upon his nominations ?
The POWER which can ORIGINATE the disposition of honors and emoluments , is more likely to attract than to be attracted by the POWER which can merely obstruct their course .
If by influencing the President be meant RESTRAINING him , this is precisely what must have been intended .
And it has been shown that the restraint would be salutary , at the same time that it would not be such as to destroy a single advantage to be looked for from the uncontrolled agency of that Magistrate .
The right of nomination would produce all the good of that of appointment , and would in a great measure avoid its evils .
Upon a comparison of the plan for the appointment of the officers of the proposed government with that which is established by the constitution of this State , a decided preference must be given to the former .
In that plan the power of nomination is unequivocally vested in the Executive .
The blame of a bad nomination would fall upon the President singly and absolutely .
The censure of rejecting a good one would lie entirely at the door of the Senate ; aggravated by the consideration of their having counteracted the good intentions of the Executive .
If an ill appointment should be made , the Executive for nominating , and the Senate for approving , would participate , though in different degrees , in the opprobrium and disgrace .
The reverse of all this characterizes the manner of appointment in this State .
The council of appointment consists of from three to five persons , of whom the governor is always one .
This small body , shut up in a private apartment , impenetrable to the public eye , proceed to the execution of the trust committed to them .
It is known that the governor claims the right of nomination , upon the strength of some ambiguous expressions in the constitution ; but it is not known to what extent , or in what manner he exercises it ; nor upon what occasions he is contradicted or opposed .
The censure of a bad appointment , on account of the uncertainty of its author , and for want of a determinate object , has neither poignancy nor duration .
And while an unbounded field for cabal and intrigue lies open , all idea of responsibility is lost .
Every mere council of appointment , however constituted , will be a conclave , in which cabal and intrigue will have their full scope .
Their number , without an unwarrantable increase of expense , cannot be large enough to preclude a facility of combination .
And as each member will have his friends and connections to provide for , the desire of mutual gratification will beget a scandalous bartering of votes and bargaining for places .
If , to avoid an accumulation of offices , there was to be a frequent change in the persons who were to compose the council , this would involve the mischiefs of a mutable administration in their full extent .
Such a council would also be more liable to executive influence than the Senate , because they would be fewer in number , and would act less immediately under the public inspection .
And yet such a council has been warmly contended for as an essential amendment in the proposed Constitution .
I could not with propriety conclude my observations on the subject of appointments without taking notice of a scheme for which there have appeared some , though but few advocates ; I mean that of uniting the House of Representatives in the power of making them .
I shall , however , do little more than mention it , as I cannot imagine that it is likely to gain the countenance of any considerable part of the community .
A body so fluctuating and at the same time so numerous , can never be deemed proper for the exercise of that power .
Its unfitness will appear manifest to all , when it is recollected that in half a century it may consist of three or four hundred persons .
All the advantages of the stability , both of the Executive and of the Senate , would be defeated by this union , and infinite delays and embarrassments would be occasioned .
The example of most of the States in their local constitutions encourages us to reprobate the idea .
Except some cavils about the power of convening EITHER house of the legislature , and that of receiving ambassadors , no objection has been made to this class of authorities ; nor could they possibly admit of any .
It required , indeed , an insatiable avidity for censure to invent exceptions to the parts which have been excepted to .
In regard to the power of convening either house of the legislature , I shall barely remark , that in respect to the Senate at least , we can readily discover a good reason for it .
AS this body has a concurrent power with the Executive in the article of treaties , it might often be necessary to call it together with a view to this object , when it would be unnecessary and improper to convene the House of Representatives .
As to the reception of ambassadors , what I have said in a former paper will furnish a sufficient answer .
We have now completed a survey of the structure and powers of the executive department , which , I have endeavored to show , combines , as far as republican principles will admit , all the requisites to energy .
The remaining inquiry is : Does it also combine the requisites to safety , in a republican sense , a due dependence on the people , a due responsibility ?
But these precautions , great as they are , are not the only ones which the plan of the convention has provided in favor of the public security .
In the only instances in which the abuse of the executive authority was materially to be feared , the Chief Magistrate of the United States would , by that plan , be subjected to the control of a branch of the legislative body .
What more could be desired by an enlightened and reasonable people ?
The Judiciary Department From McLEAN 'S Edition , New York .
To the People of the State of New York : WE PROCEED now to an examination of the judiciary department of the proposed government .
In unfolding the defects of the existing Confederation , the utility and necessity of a federal judicature have been clearly pointed out .
It is the less necessary to recapitulate the considerations there urged , as the propriety of the institution in the abstract is not disputed ; the only questions which have been raised being relative to the manner of constituting it , and to its extent .
To these points , therefore , our observations shall be confined .
The manner of constituting it seems to embrace these several objects : 1st .
The mode of appointing the judges .
The tenure by which they are to hold their places .
The partition of the judiciary authority between different courts , and their relations to each other .
As to the mode of appointing the judges ; this is the same with that of appointing the officers of the Union in general , and has been so fully discussed in the two last numbers , that nothing can be said here which would not be useless repetition .
As to the tenure by which the judges are to hold their places ; this chiefly concerns their duration in office ; the provisions for their support ; the precautions for their responsibility .
According to the plan of the convention , all judges who may be appointed by the United States are to hold their offices DURING GOOD BEHAVIOR ; which is conformable to the most approved of the State constitutions and among the rest , to that of this State .
Its propriety having been drawn into question by the adversaries of that plan , is no light symptom of the rage for objection , which disorders their imaginations and judgments .
The standard of good behavior for the continuance in office of the judicial magistracy , is certainly one of the most valuable of the modern improvements in the practice of government .
In a monarchy it is an excellent barrier to the despotism of the prince ; in a republic it is a no less excellent barrier to the encroachments and oppressions of the representative body .
And it is the best expedient which can be devised in any government , to secure a steady , upright , and impartial administration of the laws .
The Executive not only dispenses the honors , but holds the sword of the community .
The legislature not only commands the purse , but prescribes the rules by which the duties and rights of every citizen are to be regulated .
The judiciary , on the contrary , has no influence over either the sword or the purse ; no direction either of the strength or of the wealth of the society ; and can take no active resolution whatever .
It may truly be said to have neither FORCE nor WILL , but merely judgment ; and must ultimately depend upon the aid of the executive arm even for the efficacy of its judgments .
This simple view of the matter suggests several important consequences .
It proves incontestably , that the judiciary is beyond comparison the weakest of the three departments of power1 ; that it can never attack with success either of the other two ; and that all possible care is requisite to enable it to defend itself against their attacks .
The complete independence of the courts of justice is peculiarly essential in a limited Constitution .
By a limited Constitution , I understand one which contains certain specified exceptions to the legislative authority ; such , for instance , as that it shall pass no bills of attainder , no ex-post-facto laws , and the like .
Limitations of this kind can be preserved in practice no other way than through the medium of courts of justice , whose duty it must be to declare all acts contrary to the manifest tenor of the Constitution void .
Without this , all the reservations of particular rights or privileges would amount to nothing .
Some perplexity respecting the rights of the courts to pronounce legislative acts void , because contrary to the Constitution , has arisen from an imagination that the doctrine would imply a superiority of the judiciary to the legislative power .
It is urged that the authority which can declare the acts of another void , must necessarily be superior to the one whose acts may be declared void .
As this doctrine is of great importance in all the American constitutions , a brief discussion of the ground on which it rests cannot be unacceptable .
There is no position which depends on clearer principles , than that every act of a delegated authority , contrary to the tenor of the commission under which it is exercised , is void .
No legislative act , therefore , contrary to the Constitution , can be valid .
It is not otherwise to be supposed , that the Constitution could intend to enable the representatives of the people to substitute their WILL to that of their constituents .
It is far more rational to suppose , that the courts were designed to be an intermediate body between the people and the legislature , in order , among other things , to keep the latter within the limits assigned to their authority .
The interpretation of the laws is the proper and peculiar province of the courts .
A constitution is , in fact , and must be regarded by the judges , as a fundamental law .
It therefore belongs to them to ascertain its meaning , as well as the meaning of any particular act proceeding from the legislative body .
Nor does this conclusion by any means suppose a superiority of the judicial to the legislative power .
They ought to regulate their decisions by the fundamental laws , rather than by those which are not fundamental .
This exercise of judicial discretion , in determining between two contradictory laws , is exemplified in a familiar instance .
It not uncommonly happens , that there are two statutes existing at one time , clashing in whole or in part with each other , and neither of them containing any repealing clause or expression .
In such a case , it is the province of the courts to liquidate and fix their meaning and operation .
The rule which has obtained in the courts for determining their relative validity is , that the last in order of time shall be preferred to the first .
But this is a mere rule of construction , not derived from any positive law , but from the nature and reason of the thing .
It is a rule not enjoined upon the courts by legislative provision , but adopted by themselves , as consonant to truth and propriety , for the direction of their conduct as interpreters of the law .
They thought it reasonable , that between the interfering acts of an EQUAL authority , that which was the last indication of its will should have the preference .
But in regard to the interfering acts of a superior and subordinate authority , of an original and derivative power , the nature and reason of the thing indicate the converse of that rule as proper to be followed .
It can be of no weight to say that the courts , on the pretense of a repugnancy , may substitute their own pleasure to the constitutional intentions of the legislature .
This might as well happen in the case of two contradictory statutes ; or it might as well happen in every adjudication upon any single statute .
The courts must declare the sense of the law ; and if they should be disposed to exercise WILL instead of JUDGMENT , the consequence would equally be the substitution of their pleasure to that of the legislative body .
The observation , if it prove any thing , would prove that there ought to be no judges distinct from that body .
But it is easy to see , that it would require an uncommon portion of fortitude in the judges to do their duty as faithful guardians of the Constitution , where legislative invasions of it had been instigated by the major voice of the community .
But it is not with a view to infractions of the Constitution only , that the independence of the judges may be an essential safeguard against the effects of occasional ill humors in the society .
These sometimes extend no farther than to the injury of the private rights of particular classes of citizens , by unjust and partial laws .
Here also the firmness of the judicial magistracy is of vast importance in mitigating the severity and confining the operation of such laws .
This is a circumstance calculated to have more influence upon the character of our governments , than but few may be aware of .
The benefits of the integrity and moderation of the judiciary have already been felt in more States than one ; and though they may have displeased those whose sinister expectations they may have disappointed , they must have commanded the esteem and applause of all the virtuous and disinterested .
And every man must now feel , that the inevitable tendency of such a spirit is to sap the foundations of public and private confidence , and to introduce in its stead universal distrust and distress .
That inflexible and uniform adherence to the rights of the Constitution , and of individuals , which we perceive to be indispensable in the courts of justice , can certainly not be expected from judges who hold their offices by a temporary commission .
Periodical appointments , however regulated , or by whomsoever made , would , in some way or other , be fatal to their necessary independence .
There is yet a further and a weightier reason for the permanency of the judicial offices , which is deducible from the nature of the qualifications they require .
It has been frequently remarked , with great propriety , that a voluminous code of laws is one of the inconveniences necessarily connected with the advantages of a free government .
Hence it is , that there can be but few men in the society who will have sufficient skill in the laws to qualify them for the stations of judges .
And making the proper deductions for the ordinary depravity of human nature , the number must be still smaller of those who unite the requisite integrity with the requisite knowledge .
The experience of Great Britain affords an illustrious comment on the excellence of the institution .
1 The celebrated Montesquieu , speaking of them , says : " Of the three powers above mentioned , the judiciary is next to nothing . "
" Spirit of Laws . " vol. i . , page 186 .
2 Idem , page 181 .
3 Vide " Protest of the Minority of the Convention of Pennsylvania , " Martin 's Speech , etc .
The Judiciary Continued From MCLEAN 's Edition , New York .
To the People of the State of New York : NEXT to permanency in office , nothing can contribute more to the independence of the judges than a fixed provision for their support .
The remark made in relation to the President is equally applicable here .
In the general course of human nature , A POWER OVER A MAN 's SUBSISTENCE AMOUNTS TO A POWER OVER HIS WILL .
And we can never hope to see realized in practice , the complete separation of the judicial from the legislative power , in any system which leaves the former dependent for pecuniary resources on the occasional grants of the latter .
The enlightened friends to good government in every State , have seen cause to lament the want of precise and explicit precautions in the State constitutions on this head .
Some of these indeed have declared that PERMANENT1 salaries should be established for the judges ; but the experiment has in some instances shown that such expressions are not sufficiently definite to preclude legislative evasions .
Something still more positive and unequivocal has been evinced to be requisite .
The plan of the convention accordingly has provided that the judges of the United States " shall at STATED TIMES receive for their services a compensation which shall not be DIMINISHED during their continuance in office . "
This , all circumstances considered , is the most eligible provision that could have been devised .
It will readily be understood that the fluctuations in the value of money and in the state of society rendered a fixed rate of compensation in the Constitution inadmissible .
What might be extravagant to-day , might in half a century become penurious and inadequate .
A man may then be sure of the ground upon which he stands , and can never be deterred from his duty by the apprehension of being placed in a less eligible situation .
The clause which has been quoted combines both advantages .
The salaries of judicial officers may from time to time be altered , as occasion shall require , yet so as never to lessen the allowance with which any particular judge comes into office , in respect to him .
It will be observed that a difference has been made by the convention between the compensation of the President and of the judges , That of the former can neither be increased nor diminished ; that of the latter can only not be diminished .
This probably arose from the difference in the duration of the respective offices .
As the President is to be elected for no more than four years , it can rarely happen that an adequate salary , fixed at the commencement of that period , will not continue to be such to its end .
The precautions for their responsibility are comprised in the article respecting impeachments .
They are liable to be impeached for malconduct by the House of Representatives , and tried by the Senate ; and , if convicted , may be dismissed from office , and disqualified for holding any other .
This is the only provision on the point which is consistent with the necessary independence of the judicial character , and is the only one which we find in our own Constitution in respect to our own judges .
The want of a provision for removing the judges on account of inability has been a subject of complaint .
But all considerate men will be sensible that such a provision would either not be practiced upon or would be more liable to abuse than calculated to answer any good purpose .
The mensuration of the faculties of the mind has , I believe , no place in the catalogue of known arts .
An attempt to fix the boundary between the regions of ability and inability , would much oftener give scope to personal and party attachments and enmities than advance the interests of justice or the public good .
The result , except in the case of insanity , must for the most part be arbitrary ; and insanity , without any formal or express provision , may be safely pronounced to be a virtual disqualification .
The constitution of New York , to avoid investigations that must forever be vague and dangerous , has taken a particular age as the criterion of inability .
No man can be a judge beyond sixty .
I believe there are few at present who do not disapprove of this provision .
There is no station , in relation to which it is less proper than to that of a judge .
1 Vide " Constitution of Massachusetts , " chapter 2 , section I , article 13 .
FEDERALIST No. 80 The Powers of the Judiciary From McLEAN 's Edition , New York .
To the People of the State of New York : To JUDGE with accuracy of the proper extent of the federal judicature , it will be necessary to consider , in the first place , what are its proper objects .
The first point depends upon this obvious consideration , that there ought always to be a constitutional method of giving efficacy to constitutional provisions .
What , for instance , would avail restrictions on the authority of the State legislatures , without some constitutional mode of enforcing the observance of them ?
The States , by the plan of the convention , are prohibited from doing a variety of things , some of which are incompatible with the interests of the Union , and others with the principles of good government .
The imposition of duties on imported articles , and the emission of paper money , are specimens of each kind .
No man of sense will believe , that such prohibitions would be scrupulously regarded , without some effectual power in the government to restrain or correct the infractions of them .
This power must either be a direct negative on the State laws , or an authority in the federal courts to overrule such as might be in manifest contravention of the articles of Union .
There is no third course that I can imagine .
The latter appears to have been thought by the convention preferable to the former , and , I presume , will be most agreeable to the States .
As to the second point , it is impossible , by any argument or comment , to make it clearer than it is in itself .
If there are such things as political axioms , the propriety of the judicial power of a government being coextensive with its legislative , may be ranked among the number .
The mere necessity of uniformity in the interpretation of the national laws , decides the question .
Thirteen independent courts of final jurisdiction over the same causes , arising upon the same laws , is a hydra in government , from which nothing but contradiction and confusion can proceed .
Still less need be said in regard to the third point .
Controversies between the nation and its members or citizens , can only be properly referred to the national tribunals .
Any other plan would be contrary to reason , to precedent , and to decorum .
The fourth point rests on this plain proposition , that the peace of the WHOLE ought not to be left at the disposal of a PART .
The Union will undoubtedly be answerable to foreign powers for the conduct of its members .
And the responsibility for an injury ought ever to be accompanied with the faculty of preventing it .
This is not less essential to the preservation of the public faith , than to the security of the public tranquillity .
A distinction may perhaps be imagined between cases arising upon treaties and the laws of nations and those which may stand merely on the footing of the municipal law .
The former kind may be supposed proper for the federal jurisdiction , the latter for that of the States .
And a still greater objection to the distinction would result from the immense difficulty , if not impossibility , of a practical discrimination between the cases of one complexion and those of the other .
So great a proportion of the cases in which foreigners are parties , involve national questions , that it is by far most safe and most expedient to refer all those in which they are concerned to the national tribunals .
The power of determining causes between two States , between one State and the citizens of another , and between the citizens of different States , is perhaps not less essential to the peace of the Union than that which has been just examined .
This was a court invested with authority to decide finally all differences among the members of the Germanic body .
A method of terminating territorial disputes between the States , under the authority of the federal head , was not unattended to , even in the imperfect system by which they have been hitherto held together .
But there are many other sources , besides interfering claims of boundary , from which bickerings and animosities may spring up among the members of the Union .
To some of these we have been witnesses in the course of our past experience .
It will readily be conjectured that I allude to the fraudulent laws which have been passed in too many of the States .
And though the proposed Constitution establishes particular guards against the repetition of those instances which have heretofore made their appearance , yet it is warrantable to apprehend that the spirit which produced them will assume new shapes , that could not be foreseen nor specifically provided against .
Whatever practices may have a tendency to disturb the harmony between the States , are proper objects of federal superintendence and control .
It may be esteemed the basis of the Union , that " the citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities of citizens of the several States . "
The fifth point will demand little animadversion .
The most bigoted idolizers of State authority have not thus far shown a disposition to deny the national judiciary the cognizances of maritime causes .
These so generally depend on the laws of nations , and so commonly affect the rights of foreigners , that they fall within the considerations which are relative to the public peace .
The most important part of them are , by the present Confederation , submitted to federal jurisdiction .
The reasonableness of the agency of the national courts in cases in which the State tribunals cannot be supposed to be impartial , speaks for itself .
No man ought certainly to be a judge in his own cause , or in any cause in respect to which he has the least interest or bias .
This principle has no inconsiderable weight in designating the federal courts as the proper tribunals for the determination of controversies between different States and their citizens .
And it ought to have the same operation in regard to some cases between citizens of the same State .
Claims to land under grants of different States , founded upon adverse pretensions of boundary , are of this description .
The courts of neither of the granting States could be expected to be unbiased .
The laws may have even prejudged the question , and tied the courts down to decisions in favor of the grants of the State to which they belonged .
And even where this had not been done , it would be natural that the judges , as men , should feel a strong predilection to the claims of their own government .
Having thus laid down and discussed the principles which ought to regulate the constitution of the federal judiciary , we will proceed to test , by these principles , the particular powers of which , according to the plan of the convention , it is to be composed .
This constitutes the entire mass of the judicial authority of the Union .
Let us now review it in detail .
It is , then , to extend : First .
To all cases in law and equity , ARISING UNDER THE CONSTITUTION and THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES .
This corresponds with the two first classes of causes , which have been enumerated , as proper for the jurisdiction of the United States .
It has been asked , what is meant by " cases arising under the Constitution , " in contradiction from those " arising under the laws of the United States " ?
The difference has been already explained .
All the restrictions upon the authority of the State legislatures furnish examples of it .
They are not , for instance , to emit paper money ; but the interdiction results from the Constitution , and will have no connection with any law of the United States .
Should paper money , notwithstanding , be emited , the controversies concerning it would be cases arising under the Constitution and not the laws of the United States , in the ordinary signification of the terms .
This may serve as a sample of the whole .
It has also been asked , what need of the word " equity What equitable causes can grow out of the Constitution and laws of the United States ?
In such cases , where foreigners were concerned on either side , it would be impossible for the federal judicatories to do justice without an equitable as well as a legal jurisdiction .
Agreements to convey lands claimed under the grants of different States , may afford another example of the necessity of an equitable jurisdiction in the federal courts .
This reasoning may not be so palpable in those States where the formal and technical distinction between LAW and EQUITY is not maintained , as in this State , where it is exemplified by every day 's practice .
The judiciary authority of the Union is to extend : Second .
To treaties made , or which shall be made , under the authority of the United States , and to all cases affecting ambassadors , other public ministers , and consuls .
These belong to the fourth class of the enumerated cases , as they have an evident connection with the preservation of the national peace .
To cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction .
These form , altogether , the fifth of the enumerated classes of causes proper for the cognizance of the national courts .
To controversies to which the United States shall be a party .
These constitute the third of those classes .
To controversies between two or more States ; between a State and citizens of another State ; between citizens of different States .
These belong to the fourth of those classes , and partake , in some measure , of the nature of the last .
To cases between the citizens of the same State , CLAIMING LANDS UNDER GRANTS OF DIFFERENT STATES .
These fall within the last class , and ARE THE ONLY INSTANCES IN WHICH THE PROPOSED CONSTITUTION DIRECTLY CONTEMPLATES THE COGNIZANCE OF DISPUTES BETWEEN THE CITIZENS OF THE SAME STATE .
To cases between a State and the citizens thereof , and foreign States , citizens , or subjects .
These have been already explained to belong to the fourth of the enumerated classes , and have been shown to be , in a peculiar manner , the proper subjects of the national judicature .
The possibility of particular mischiefs can never be viewed , by a wellinformed mind , as a solid objection to a general principle , which is calculated to avoid general mischiefs and to obtain general advantages .
The Judiciary Continued , and the Distribution of the Judicial Authority From McLEAN 's Edition , New York .
The reasons for it have been assigned in another place , and are too obvious to need repetition .
The only question that seems to have been raised concerning it , is , whether it ought to be a distinct body or a branch of the legislature .
The same contradiction is observable in regard to this matter which has been remarked in several other cases .
The power of construing the laws according to the SPIRIT of the Constitution , will enable that court to mould them into whatever shape it may think proper ; especially as its decisions will not be in any manner subject to the revision or correction of the legislative body .
This is as unprecedented as it is dangerous .
In Britain , the judical power , in the last resort , resides in the House of Lords , which is a branch of the legislature ; and this part of the British government has been imitated in the State constitutions in general .
The Parliament of Great Britain , and the legislatures of the several States , can at any time rectify , by law , the exceptionable decisions of their respective courts .
But the errors and usurpations of the Supreme Court of the United States will be uncontrollable and remediless . "
This , upon examination , will be found to be made up altogether of false reasoning upon misconceived fact .
I admit , however , that the Constitution ought to be the standard of construction for the laws , and that wherever there is an evident opposition , the laws ought to give place to the Constitution .
But this doctrine is not deducible from any circumstance peculiar to the plan of the convention , but from the general theory of a limited Constitution ; and as far as it is true , is equally applicable to most , if not to all the State governments .
There can be no objection , therefore , on this account , to the federal judicature which will not lie against the local judicatures in general , and which will not serve to condemn every constitution that attempts to set bounds to legislative discretion .
To insist upon this point , the authors of the objection must renounce the meaning they have labored to annex to the celebrated maxim , requiring a separation of the departments of power .
It shall , nevertheless , be conceded to them , agreeably to the interpretation given to that maxim in the course of these papers , that it is not violated by vesting the ultimate power of judging in a PART of the legislative body .
But though this be not an absolute violation of that excellent rule , yet it verges so nearly upon it , as on this account alone to be less eligible than the mode preferred by the convention .
From a body which had even a partial agency in passing bad laws , we could rarely expect a disposition to temper and moderate them in the application .
The same spirit which had operated in making them , would be too apt in interpreting them ; still less could it be expected that men who had infringed the Constitution in the character of legislators , would be disposed to repair the breach in the character of judges .
Nor is this all .
Every reason which recommends the tenure of good behavior for judicial offices , militates against placing the judiciary power , in the last resort , in a body composed of men chosen for a limited period .
There is an absurdity in referring the determination of causes , in the first instance , to judges of permanent standing ; in the last , to those of a temporary and mutable constitution .
The habit of being continually marshalled on opposite sides will be too apt to stifle the voice both of law and of equity .
These considerations teach us to applaud the wisdom of those States who have committed the judicial power , in the last resort , not to a part of the legislature , but to distinct and independent bodies of men .
The theory , neither of the British , nor the State constitutions , authorizes the revisal of a judicial sentence by a legislative act .
Nor is there any thing in the proposed Constitution , more than in either of them , by which it is forbidden .
In the former , as well as in the latter , the impropriety of the thing , on the general principles of law and reason , is the sole obstacle .
A legislature , without exceeding its province , cannot reverse a determination once made in a particular case ; though it may prescribe a new rule for future cases .
This is the principle , and it applies in all its consequences , exactly in the same manner and extent , to the State governments , as to the national government now under consideration .
Not the least difference can be pointed out in any view of the subject .
It may in the last place be observed that the supposed danger of judiciary encroachments on the legislative authority , which has been upon many occasions reiterated , is in reality a phantom .
Particular misconstructions and contraventions of the will of the legislature may now and then happen ; but they can never be so extensive as to amount to an inconvenience , or in any sensible degree to affect the order of the political system .
This may be inferred with certainty , from the general nature of the judicial power , from the objects to which it relates , from the manner in which it is exercised , from its comparative weakness , and from its total incapacity to support its usurpations by force .
And the inference is greatly fortified by the consideration of the important constitutional check which the power of instituting impeachments in one part of the legislative body , and of determining upon them in the other , would give to that body upon the members of the judicial department .
This is alone a complete security .
While this ought to remove all apprehensions on the subject , it affords , at the same time , a cogent argument for constituting the Senate a court for the trial of impeachments .
Having now examined , and , I trust , removed the objections to the distinct and independent organization of the Supreme Court , I proceed to consider the propriety of the power of constituting inferior courts , 2 and the relations which will subsist between these and the former .
The power of constituting inferior courts is evidently calculated to obviate the necessity of having recourse to the Supreme Court in every case of federal cognizance .
It is intended to enable the national government to institute or AUTHORUZE , in each State or district of the United States , a tribunal competent to the determination of matters of national jurisdiction within its limits .
But why , it is asked , might not the same purpose have been accomplished by the instrumentality of the State courts ?
This admits of different answers .
To confer the power of determining such causes upon the existing courts of the several States , would perhaps be as much " to constitute tribunals , " as to create new courts with the like power .
But ought not a more direct and explicit provision to have been made in favor of the State courts ?
State judges , holding their offices during pleasure , or from year to year , will be too little independent to be relied upon for an inflexible execution of the national laws .
And if there was a necessity for confiding the original cognizance of causes arising under those laws to them there would be a correspondent necessity for leaving the door of appeal as wide as possible .
In proportion to the grounds of confidence in , or distrust of , the subordinate tribunals , ought to be the facility or difficulty of appeals .
And well satisfied as I am of the propriety of the appellate jurisdiction , in the several classes of causes to which it is extended by the plan of the convention .
I should consider every thing calculated to give , in practice , an UNRESTRAINED COURSE to appeals , as a source of public and private inconvenience .
I am not sure , but that it will be found highly expedient and useful , to divide the United States into four or five or half a dozen districts ; and to institute a federal court in each district , in lieu of one in every State .
The judges of these courts , with the aid of the State judges , may hold circuits for the trial of causes in the several parts of the respective districts .
Justice through them may be administered with ease and despatch ; and appeals may be safely circumscribed within a narrow compass .
These reasons seem sufficient to satisfy a candid mind , that the want of such a power would have been a great defect in the plan .
Let us now examine in what manner the judicial authority is to be distributed between the supreme and the inferior courts of the Union .
The Supreme Court is to be invested with original jurisdiction , only " in cases affecting ambassadors , other public ministers , and consuls , and those in which A STATE shall be a party . "
Public ministers of every class are the immediate representatives of their sovereigns .
Though consuls have not in strictness a diplomatic character , yet as they are the public agents of the nations to which they belong , the same observation is in a great measure applicable to them .
In cases in which a State might happen to be a party , it would ill suit its dignity to be turned over to an inferior tribunal .
Though it may rather be a digression from the immediate subject of this paper , I shall take occasion to mention here a supposition which has excited some alarm upon very mistaken grounds .
It has been suggested that an assignment of the public securities of one State to the citizens of another , would enable them to prosecute that State in the federal courts for the amount of those securities ; a suggestion which the following considerations prove to be without foundation .
It is inherent in the nature of sovereignty not to be amenable to the suit of an individual WITHOUT ITS CONSENT .
This is the general sense , and the general practice of mankind ; and the exemption , as one of the attributes of sovereignty , is now enjoyed by the government of every State in the Union .
Unless , therefore , there is a surrender of this immunity in the plan of the convention , it will remain with the States , and the danger intimated must be merely ideal .
The circumstances which are necessary to produce an alienation of State sovereignty were discussed in considering the article of taxation , and need not be repeated here .
The contracts between a nation and individuals are only binding on the conscience of the sovereign , and have no pretensions to a compulsive force .
They confer no right of action , independent of the sovereign will .
To what purpose would it be to authorize suits against States for the debts they owe ?
How could recoveries be enforced ?
Let us resume the train of our observations .
We have seen that the original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court would be confined to two classes of causes , and those of a nature rarely to occur .
In all other cases of federal cognizance , the original jurisdiction would appertain to the inferior tribunals ; and the Supreme Court would have nothing more than an appellate jurisdiction , " with such EXCEPTIONS and under such REGULATIONS as the Congress shall make . "
The propriety of this appellate jurisdiction has been scarcely called in question in regard to matters of law ; but the clamors have been loud against it as applied to matters of fact .
A technical sense has been affixed to the term " appellate , " which , in our law parlance , is commonly used in reference to appeals in the course of the civil law .
But if I am not misinformed , the same meaning would not be given to it in any part of New England .
There an appeal from one jury to another , is familiar both in language and practice , and is even a matter of course , until there have been two verdicts on one side .
The word " appellate , " therefore , will not be understood in the same sense in New England as in New York , which shows the impropriety of a technical interpretation derived from the jurisprudence of any particular State .
The expression , taken in the abstract , denotes nothing more than the power of one tribunal to review the proceedings of another , either as to the law or fact , or both .
The mode of doing it may depend on ancient custom or legislative provision ( in a new government it must depend on the latter ) , and may be with or without the aid of a jury , as may be judged advisable .
But it does not follow that the re-examination of a fact once ascertained by a jury , will be permitted in the Supreme Court .
Why may not it be said , with the strictest propriety , when a writ of error is brought from an inferior to a superior court of law in this State , that the latter has jurisdiction of the fact as well as the law ?
I contend , therefore , on this ground , that the expressions , " appellate jurisdiction , both as to law and fact , " do not necessarily imply a re-examination in the Supreme Court of facts decided by juries in the inferior courts .
The following train of ideas may well be imagined to have influenced the convention , in relation to this particular provision .
The appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court ( it may have been argued ) will extend to causes determinable in different modes , some in the course of the COMMON LAW , others in the course of the CIVIL LAW .
It is therefore necessary that the appellate jurisdiction should , in certain cases , extend in the broadest sense to matters of fact .
To avoid all inconveniencies , it will be safest to declare generally , that the Supreme Court shall possess appellate jurisdiction both as to law and FACT , and that this jurisdiction shall be subject to such EXCEPTIONS and regulations as the national legislature may prescribe .
This will enable the government to modify it in such a manner as will best answer the ends of public justice and security .
This view of the matter , at any rate , puts it out of all doubt that the supposed ABOLITION of the trial by jury , by the operation of this provision , is fallacious and untrue .
The legislature of the United States would certainly have full power to provide , that in appeals to the Supreme Court there should be no re-examination of facts where they had been tried in the original causes by juries .
This would certainly be an authorized exception ; but if , for the reason already intimated , it should be thought too extensive , it might be qualified with a limitation to such causes only as are determinable at common law in that mode of trial .
1 Article 3 , sec .
I. 2 This power has been absurdly represented as intended to abolish all the county courts in the several States , which are commonly called inferior courts .
But the expressions of the Constitution are , to constitute " tribunals INFERIOR TO THE SUPREME COURT " ; and the evident design of the provision is to enable the institution of local courts , subordinate to the Supreme , either in States or larger districts .
It is ridiculous to imagine that county courts were in contemplation .
3 This word is composed of JUS and DICTIO , juris dictio or a speaking and pronouncing of the law .
4 I hold that the States will have concurrent jurisdiction with the subordinate federal judicatories , in many cases of federal cognizance , as will be explained in my next paper .
The Judiciary Continued From McLEAN 's Edition , New York .
T is time only that can mature and perfect so compound a system , can liquidate the meaning of all the parts , and can adjust them to each other in a harmonious and consistent WHOLE .
Such questions , accordingly , have arisen upon the plan proposed by the convention , and particularly concerning the judiciary department .
The principal of these respect the situation of the State courts in regard to those causes which are to be submitted to federal jurisdiction .
Is this to be exclusive , or are those courts to possess a concurrent jurisdiction ?
If the latter , in what relation will they stand to the national tribunals ?
These are inquiries which we meet with in the mouths of men of sense , and which are certainly entitled to attention .
Though these principles may not apply with the same force to the judiciary as to the legislative power , yet I am inclined to think that they are , in the main , just with respect to the former , as well as the latter .
And under this impression , I shall lay it down as a rule , that the State courts will RETAIN the jurisdiction they now have , unless it appears to be taken away in one of the enumerated modes .
The first excludes , the last admits , the concurrent jurisdiction of the State tribunals ; and as the first would amount to an alienation of State power by implication , the last appears to me the most natural and the most defensible construction .
But this doctrine of concurrent jurisdiction is only clearly applicable to those descriptions of causes of which the State courts have previous cognizance .
This I infer from the nature of judiciary power , and from the general genius of the system .
Those of Japan , not less than of New York , may furnish the objects of legal discussion to our courts .
Here another question occurs : What relation would subsist between the national and State courts in these instances of concurrent jurisdiction ?
I answer , that an appeal would certainly lie from the latter , to the Supreme Court of the United States .
The Constitution in direct terms gives an appellate jurisdiction to the Supreme Court in all the enumerated cases of federal cognizance in which it is not to have an original one , without a single expression to confine its operation to the inferior federal courts .
The objects of appeal , not the tribunals from which it is to be made , are alone contemplated .
From this circumstance , and from the reason of the thing , it ought to be construed to extend to the State tribunals .
Either this must be the case , or the local courts must be excluded from a concurrent jurisdiction in matters of national concern , else the judiciary authority of the Union may be eluded at the pleasure of every plaintiff or prosecutor .
Neither of these consequences ought , without evident necessity , to be involved ; the latter would be entirely inadmissible , as it would defeat some of the most important and avowed purposes of the proposed government , and would essentially embarrass its measures .
Nor do I perceive any foundation for such a supposition .
Agreeably to the remark already made , the national and State systems are to be regarded as ONE WHOLE .
The evident aim of the plan of the convention is , that all the causes of the specified classes shall , for weighty public reasons , receive their original or final determination in the courts of the Union .
But could an appeal be made to lie from the State courts to the subordinate federal judicatories ?
This is another of the questions which have been raised , and of greater difficulty than the former .
The following considerations countenance the affirmative .
It afterwards divides the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court into original and appellate , but gives no definition of that of the subordinate courts .
The only outlines described for them , are that they shall be " inferior to the Supreme Court , " and that they shall not exceed the specified limits of the federal judiciary .
Whether their authority shall be original or appellate , or both , is not declared .
All this seems to be left to the discretion of the legislature .
And this being the case , I perceive at present no impediment to the establishment of an appeal from the State courts to the subordinate national tribunals ; and many advantages attending the power of doing it may be imagined .
It would diminish the motives to the multiplication of federal courts , and would admit of arrangements calculated to contract the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court .
1 No. 31 .
The Judiciary Continued in Relation to Trial by Jury From MCLEAN 's Edition , New York .
The disingenuous form in which this objection is usually stated has been repeatedly adverted to and exposed , but continues to be pursued in all the conversations and writings of the opponents of the plan .
With regard to civil causes , subtleties almost too contemptible for refutation have been employed to countenance the surmise that a thing which is only NOT PROVIDED FOR , is entirely ABOLISHED .
Every man of discernment must at once perceive the wide difference between SILENCE and ABOLITION .
But as the inventors of this fallacy have attempted to support it by certain LEGAL MAXIMS of interpretation , which they have perverted from their true meaning , it may not be wholly useless to explore the ground they have taken .
The maxims on which they rely are of this nature : " A specification of particulars is an exclusion of generals " ; or , " The expression of one thing is the exclusion of another . "
Hence , say they , as the Constitution has established the trial by jury in criminal cases , and is silent in respect to civil , this silence is an implied prohibition of trial by jury in regard to the latter .
The rules of legal interpretation are rules of COMMONSENSE , adopted by the courts in the construction of the laws .
The true test , therefore , of a just application of them is its conformity to the source from which they are derived .
Is it natural to suppose , that a command to do one thing is a prohibition to the doing of another , which there was a previous power to do , and which is not incompatible with the thing commanded to be done ?
If such a supposition would be unnatural and unreasonable , it cannot be rational to maintain that an injunction of the trial by jury in certain cases is an interdiction of it in others .
A power to constitute courts is a power to prescribe the mode of trial ; and consequently , if nothing was said in the Constitution on the subject of juries , the legislature would be at liberty either to adopt that institution or to let it alone .
This discretion , in regard to criminal causes , is abridged by the express injunction of trial by jury in all such cases ; but it is , of course , left at large in relation to civil causes , there being a total silence on this head .
The specification of an obligation to try all criminal causes in a particular mode , excludes indeed the obligation or necessity of employing the same mode in civil causes , but does not abridge THE POWER of the legislature to exercise that mode if it should be thought proper .
The pretense , therefore , that the national legislature would not be at full liberty to submit all the civil causes of federal cognizance to the determination of juries , is a pretense destitute of all just foundation .
From these observations this conclusion results : that the trial by jury in civil cases would not be abolished ; and that the use attempted to be made of the maxims which have been quoted , is contrary to reason and common-sense , and therefore not admissible .
Even if these maxims had a precise technical sense , corresponding with the idea of those who employ them upon the present occasion , which , however , is not the case , they would still be inapplicable to a constitution of government .
In relation to such a subject , the natural and obvious sense of its provisions , apart from any technical rules , is the true criterion of construction .
Having now seen that the maxims relied upon will not bear the use made of them , let us endeavor to ascertain their proper use and true meaning .
This will be best done by examples .
The plan of the convention declares that the power of Congress , or , in other words , of the NATIONAL LEGISLATURE , shall extend to certain enumerated cases .
This specification of particulars evidently excludes all pretension to a general legislative authority , because an affirmative grant of special powers would be absurd , as well as useless , if a general authority was intended .
In like manner the judicial authority of the federal judicatures is declared by the Constitution to comprehend certain cases particularly specified .
The expression of those cases marks the precise limits , beyond which the federal courts cannot extend their jurisdiction , because the objects of their cognizance being enumerated , the specification would be nugatory if it did not exclude all ideas of more extensive authority .
These examples are sufficient to elucidate the maxims which have been mentioned , and to designate the manner in which they should be used .
But that there may be no misapprehensions upon this subject , I shall add one case more , to demonstrate the proper use of these maxims , and the abuse which has been made of them .
Let us suppose that by the laws of this State a married woman was incapable of conveying her estate , and that the legislature , considering this as an evil , should enact that she might dispose of her property by deed executed in the presence of a magistrate .
The position is too absurd to merit a refutation , and yet this is precisely the position which those must establish who contend that the trial by juries in civil cases is abolished , because it is expressly provided for in cases of a criminal nature .
The foundation of this assertion is , that the national judiciary will have no cognizance of them , and of course they will remain determinable as heretofore by the State courts only , and in the manner which the State constitutions and laws prescribe .
Discussions of this kind would be more curious than beneficial , as all are satisfied of the utility of the institution , and of its friendly aspect to liberty .
But I must acknowledge that I cannot readily discern the inseparable connection between the existence of liberty , and the trial by jury in civil cases .
Arbitrary impeachments , arbitrary methods of prosecuting pretended offenses , and arbitrary punishments upon arbitrary convictions , have ever appeared to me to be the great engines of judicial despotism ; and these have all relation to criminal proceedings .
The trial by jury in criminal cases , aided by the habeas-corpus act , seems therefore to be alone concerned in the question .
And both of these are provided for , in the most ample manner , in the plan of the convention .
It has been observed , that trial by jury is a safeguard against an oppressive exercise of the power of taxation .
This observation deserves to be canvassed .
It is evident that it can have no influence upon the legislature , in regard to the AMOUNT of taxes to be laid , to the OBJECTS upon which they are to be imposed , or to the RULE by which they are to be apportioned .
If it can have any influence , therefore , it must be upon the mode of collection , and the conduct of the officers intrusted with the execution of the revenue laws .
As to the mode of collection in this State , under our own Constitution , the trial by jury is in most cases out of use .
The taxes are usually levied by the more summary proceeding of distress and sale , as in cases of rent .
And it is acknowledged on all hands , that this is essential to the efficacy of the revenue laws .
The dilatory course of a trial at law to recover the taxes imposed on individuals , would neither suit the exigencies of the public nor promote the convenience of the citizens .
It would often occasion an accumulation of costs , more burdensome than the original sum of the tax to be levied .
And as to the conduct of the officers of the revenue , the provision in favor of trial by jury in criminal cases , will afford the security aimed at .
Wilful abuses of a public authority , to the oppression of the subject , and every species of official extortion , are offenses against the government , for which the persons who commit them may be indicted and punished according to the circumstances of the case .
The excellence of the trial by jury in civil cases appears to depend on circumstances foreign to the preservation of liberty .
The strongest argument in its favor is , that it is a security against corruption .
As there is always more time and better opportunity to tamper with a standing body of magistrates than with a jury summoned for the occasion , there is room to suppose that a corrupt influence would more easily find its way to the former than to the latter .
The force of this consideration is , however , diminished by others .
It is not difficult to see , that it would be in the power of those officers to select jurors who would serve the purpose of the party as well as a corrupted bench .
In the next place , it may fairly be supposed , that there would be less difficulty in gaining some of the jurors promiscuously taken from the public mass , than in gaining men who had been chosen by the government for their probity and good character .
But making every deduction for these considerations , the trial by jury must still be a valuable check upon corruption .
It greatly multiplies the impediments to its success .
Here then is a double security ; and it will readily be perceived that this complicated agency tends to preserve the purity of both institutions .
By increasing the obstacles to success , it discourages attempts to seduce the integrity of either .
The temptations to prostitution which the judges might have to surmount , must certainly be much fewer , while the co-operation of a jury is necessary , than they might be , if they had themselves the exclusive determination of all causes .
For my own part , at every new view I take of the subject , I become more convinced of the reality of the obstacles which , we are authoritatively informed , prevented the insertion of a provision on this head in the plan of the convention .
The great difference between the limits of the jury trial in different States is not generally understood ; and as it must have considerable influence on the sentence we ought to pass upon the omission complained of in regard to this point , an explanation of it is necessary .
In this State , our judicial establishments resemble , more nearly than in any other , those of Great Britain .
We have courts of common law , courts of probates ( analogous in certain matters to the spiritual courts in England ) , a court of admiralty and a court of chancery .
In the courts of common law only , the trial by jury prevails , and this with some exceptions .
In that State the courts of common law have the cognizance of those causes which with us are determinable in the courts of admiralty and of probates , and of course the jury trial is more extensive in New Jersey than in New York .
In Pennsylvania , this is perhaps still more the case , for there is no court of chancery in that State , and its common-law courts have equity jurisdiction .
It has a court of admiralty , but none of probates , at least on the plan of ours .
Delaware has in these respects imitated Pennsylvania .
Maryland approaches more nearly to New York , as does also Virginia , except that the latter has a plurality of chancellors .
North Carolina bears most affinity to Pennsylvania ; South Carolina to Virginia .
I believe , however , that in some of those States which have distinct courts of admiralty , the causes depending in them are triable by juries .
In Georgia there are none but common-law courts , and an appeal of course lies from the verdict of one jury to another , which is called a special jury , and for which a particular mode of appointment is marked out .
In Connecticut , they have no distinct courts either of chancery or of admiralty , and their courts of probates have no jurisdiction of causes .
Their common-law courts have admiralty and , to a certain extent , equity jurisdiction .
In cases of importance , their General Assembly is the only court of chancery .
In Connecticut , therefore , the trial by jury extends in PRACTICE further than in any other State yet mentioned .
Rhode Island is , I believe , in this particular , pretty much in the situation of Connecticut .
Massachusetts and New Hampshire , in regard to the blending of law , equity , and admiralty jurisdictions , are in a similar predicament .
In the four Eastern States , the trial by jury not only stands upon a broader foundation than in the other States , but it is attended with a peculiarity unknown , in its full extent , to any of them .
There is an appeal OF COURSE from one jury to another , till there have been two verdicts out of three on one side .
The propositions which have been made for supplying the omission have rather served to illustrate than to obviate the difficulty of the thing .
The minority of Pennsylvania have proposed this mode of expression for the purpose " Trial by jury shall be as heretofore " and this I maintain would be senseless and nugatory .
The United States , in their united or collective capacity , are the OBJECT to which all general provisions in the Constitution must necessarily be construed to refer .
It would therefore be destitute of a precise meaning , and inoperative from its uncertainty .
As , on the one hand , the form of the provision would not fulfil the intent of its proposers , so , on the other , if I apprehend that intent rightly , it would be in itself inexpedient .
The capricious operation of so dissimilar a method of trial in the same cases , under the same government , is of itself sufficient to indispose every wellregulated judgment towards it .
Whether the cause should be tried with or without a jury , would depend , in a great number of cases , on the accidental situation of the court and parties .
But this is not , in my estimation , the greatest objection .
I feel a deep and deliberate conviction that there are many cases in which the trial by jury is an ineligible one .
I think it so particularly in cases which concern the public peace with foreign nations that is , in most cases where the question turns wholly on the laws of nations .
Of this nature , among others , are all prize causes .
There would of course be always danger that the rights of other nations might be infringed by their decisions , so as to afford occasions of reprisal and war .
Though the proper province of juries be to determine matters of fact , yet in most cases legal consequences are complicated with fact in such a manner as to render a separation impracticable .
This alone demonstrates the impolicy of inserting a fundamental provision in the Constitution which would make the State systems a standard for the national government in the article under consideration , and the danger of encumbering the government with any constitutional provisions the propriety of which is not indisputable .
My convictions are equally strong that great advantages result from the separation of the equity from the law jurisdiction , and that the causes which belong to the former would be improperly committed to juries .
The great and primary use of a court of equity is to give relief IN EXTRAORDINARY CASES , which are EXCEPTIONS2 to general rules .
Besides this , the circumstances that constitute cases proper for courts of equity are in many instances so nice and intricate , that they are incompatible with the genius of trials by jury .
They require often such long , deliberate , and critical investigation as would be impracticable to men called from their occupations , and obliged to decide before they were permitted to return to them .
The simplicity and expedition which form the distinguishing characters of this mode of trial require that the matter to be decided should be reduced to some single and obvious point ; while the litigations usual in chancery frequently comprehend a long train of minute and independent particulars .
It is true that the separation of the equity from the legal jurisdiction is peculiar to the English system of jurisprudence : which is the model that has been followed in several of the States .
But it is equally true that the trial by jury has been unknown in every case in which they have been united .
And the separation is essential to the preservation of that institution in its pristine purity .
These appeared to be conclusive reasons against incorporating the systems of all the States , in the formation of the national judiciary , according to what may be conjectured to have been the attempt of the Pennsylvania minority .
Let us now examine how far the proposition of Massachusetts is calculated to remedy the supposed defect .
It is in this form : " In civil actions between citizens of different States , every issue of fact , arising in ACTIONS AT COMMON LAW , may be tried by a jury if the parties , or either of them request it . "
If the first , the omission of a regulation respecting so partial an object can never be considered as a material imperfection in the system .
If the last , it affords a strong corroboration of the extreme difficulty of the thing .
In this State , the boundaries between actions at common law and actions of equitable jurisdiction , are ascertained in conformity to the rules which prevail in England upon that subject .
In many of the other States the boundaries are less precise .
Hence the same irregularity and confusion would be introduced by a compliance with this proposition , that I have already noticed as resulting from the regulation proposed by the Pennsylvania minority .
It is obvious , therefore , that the Massachusetts proposition , upon this subject cannot operate as a general regulation , until some uniform plan , with respect to the limits of common-law and equitable jurisdictions , shall be adopted by the different States .
To devise a plan of that kind is a task arduous in itself , and which it would require much time and reflection to mature .
It would be extremely difficult , if not impossible , to suggest any general regulation that would be acceptable to all the States in the Union , or that would perfectly quadrate with the several State institutions .
It may be asked , Why could not a reference have been made to the constitution of this State , taking that , which is allowed by me to be a good one , as a standard for the United States ?
I answer that it is not very probable the other States would entertain the same opinion of our institutions as we do ourselves .
It is natural to suppose that they are hitherto more attached to their own , and that each would struggle for the preference .
It has been shown that many of them would be improper ones .
And I leave it to conjecture , whether , under all circumstances , it is most likely that New York , or some other State , would have been preferred .
But admit that a judicious selection could have been effected in the convention , still there would have been great danger of jealousy and disgust in the other States , at the partiality which had been shown to the institutions of one .
The enemies of the plan would have been furnished with a fine pretext for raising a host of local prejudices against it , which perhaps might have hazarded , in no inconsiderable degree , its final establishment .
To avoid the embarrassments of a definition of the cases which the trial by jury ought to embrace , it is sometimes suggested by men of enthusiastic tempers , that a provision might have been inserted for establishing it in all cases whatsoever .
I cannot but persuade myself , on the other hand , that the different lights in which the subject has been placed in the course of these observations , will go far towards removing in candid minds the apprehensions they may have entertained on the point .
For my part , I acknowledge myself to be convinced that even in this State it might be advantageously extended to some cases to which it does not at present apply , and might as advantageously be abridged in others .
It is conceded by all reasonable men that it ought not to obtain in all cases .
I suspect it to be impossible in the nature of the thing to fix the salutary point at which the operation of the institution ought to stop , and this is with me a strong argument for leaving the matter to the discretion of the legislature .
It may be added that these encroachments have generally originated with the men who endeavor to persuade the people they are the warmest defenders of popular liberty , but who have rarely suffered constitutional obstacles to arrest them in a favorite career .
The truth is that the general GENIUS of a government is all that can be substantially relied upon for permanent effects .
1 It has been erroneously insinuated , with regard to the court of chancery , that this court generally tries disputed facts by a jury .
The truth is , that references to a jury in that court rarely happen , and are in no case necessary but where the validity of a devise of land comes into question .
2 It is true that the principles by which that relief is governed are now reduced to a regular system ; but it is not the less true that they are in the main applicable to SPECIAL circumstances , which form exceptions to general rules .
3 Vide No. 81 , in which the supposition of its being abolished by the appellate jurisdiction in matters of fact being vested in the Supreme Court , is examined and refuted .
Certain General and Miscellaneous Objections to the Constitution Considered and Answered From McLEAN 's Edition , New York .
To the People of the State of New York : IN THE course of the foregoing review of the Constitution , I have taken notice of , and endeavored to answer most of the objections which have appeared against it .
There , however , remain a few which either did not fall naturally under any particular head or were forgotten in their proper places .
These shall now be discussed ; but as the subject has been drawn into great length , I shall so far consult brevity as to comprise all my observations on these miscellaneous points in a single paper .
The most considerable of the remaining objections is that the plan of the convention contains no bill of rights .
Among other answers given to this , it has been upon different occasions remarked that the constitutions of several of the States are in a similar predicament .
I add that New York is of the number .
And yet the opposers of the new system , in this State , who profess an unlimited admiration for its constitution , are among the most intemperate partisans of a bill of rights .
To the first I answer , that the Constitution proposed by the convention contains , as well as the constitution of this State , a number of such provisions .
Section 9 , of the same article , clause 2 " The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended , unless when in cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it . "
Clause 3 " No bill of attainder or ex-post-facto law shall be passed . "
Section 3 , of the same article " Treason against the United States shall consist only in levying war against them , or in adhering to their enemies , giving them aid and comfort .
No person shall be convicted of treason , unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act , or on confession in open court . "
And clause 3 , of the same section " The Congress shall have power to declare the punishment of treason ; but no attainder of treason shall work corruption of blood , or forfeiture , except during the life of the person attainted . "
It may well be a question , whether these are not , upon the whole , of equal importance with any which are to be found in the constitution of this State .
The establishment of the writ of habeas corpus , the prohibition of ex-post-facto laws , and of TITLES OF NOBILITY , TO WHICH WE HAVE NO CORRESPONDING PROVISION IN OUR CONSTITUTION , are perhaps greater securities to liberty and republicanism than any it contains .
This may truly be denominated the corner-stone of republican government ; for so long as they are excluded , there can never be serious danger that the government will be any other than that of the people .
To the second that is , to the pretended establishment of the common and state law by the Constitution , I answer , that they are expressly made subject " to such alterations and provisions as the legislature shall from time to time make concerning the same . "
They are therefore at any moment liable to repeal by the ordinary legislative power , and of course have no constitutional sanction .
The only use of the declaration was to recognize the ancient law and to remove doubts which might have been occasioned by the Revolution .
This consequently can be considered as no part of a declaration of rights , which under our constitutions must be intended as limitations of the power of the government itself .
It has been several times truly remarked that bills of rights are , in their origin , stipulations between kings and their subjects , abridgements of prerogative in favor of privilege , reservations of rights not surrendered to the prince .
Such was MAGNA CHARTA , obtained by the barons , sword in hand , from King John .
Such were the subsequent confirmations of that charter by succeeding princes .
Such was the PETITION OF RIGHT assented to by Charles I. , in the beginning of his reign .
Such , also , was the Declaration of Right presented by the Lords and Commons to the Prince of Orange in 1688 , and afterwards thrown into the form of an act of parliament called the Bill of Rights .
It is evident , therefore , that , according to their primitive signification , they have no application to constitutions professedly founded upon the power of the people , and executed by their immediate representatives and servants .
Here , in strictness , the people surrender nothing ; and as they retain every thing they have no need of particular reservations . "
WE , THE PEOPLE of the United States , to secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity , do ORDAIN and ESTABLISH this Constitution for the United States of America . "
Here is a better recognition of popular rights , than volumes of those aphorisms which make the principal figure in several of our State bills of rights , and which would sound much better in a treatise of ethics than in a constitution of government .
If , therefore , the loud clamors against the plan of the convention , on this score , are well founded , no epithets of reprobation will be too strong for the constitution of this State .
But the truth is , that both of them contain all which , in relation to their objects , is reasonably to be desired .
I go further , and affirm that bills of rights , in the sense and to the extent in which they are contended for , are not only unnecessary in the proposed Constitution , but would even be dangerous .
They would contain various exceptions to powers not granted ; and , on this very account , would afford a colorable pretext to claim more than were granted .
For why declare that things shall not be done which there is no power to do ?
Why , for instance , should it be said that the liberty of the press shall not be restrained , when no power is given by which restrictions may be imposed ?
I will not contend that such a provision would confer a regulating power ; but it is evident that it would furnish , to men disposed to usurp , a plausible pretense for claiming that power .
This may serve as a specimen of the numerous handles which would be given to the doctrine of constructive powers , by the indulgence of an injudicious zeal for bills of rights .
What signifies a declaration , that " the liberty of the press shall be inviolably preserved " ?
What is the liberty of the press ?
Who can give it any definition which would not leave the utmost latitude for evasion ?
There remains but one other view of this matter to conclude the point .
The truth is , after all the declamations we have heard , that the Constitution is itself , in every rational sense , and to every useful purpose , A BILL OF RIGHTS .
The several bills of rights in Great Britain form its Constitution , and conversely the constitution of each State is its bill of rights .
And the proposed Constitution , if adopted , will be the bill of rights of the Union .
Is it one object of a bill of rights to declare and specify the political privileges of the citizens in the structure and administration of the government ?
This is done in the most ample and precise manner in the plan of the convention ; comprehending various precautions for the public security , which are not to be found in any of the State constitutions .
Is another object of a bill of rights to define certain immunities and modes of proceeding , which are relative to personal and private concerns ?
This we have seen has also been attended to , in a variety of cases , in the same plan .
Adverting therefore to the substantial meaning of a bill of rights , it is absurd to allege that it is not to be found in the work of the convention .
It may be said that it does not go far enough , though it will not be easy to make this appear ; but it can with no propriety be contended that there is no such thing .
It certainly must be immaterial what mode is observed as to the order of declaring the rights of the citizens , if they are to be found in any part of the instrument which establishes the government .
And hence it must be apparent , that much of what has been said on this subject rests merely on verbal and nominal distinctions , entirely foreign from the substance of the thing .
This argument , if it proves any thing , proves that there ought to be no general government whatever .
For the powers which , it seems to be agreed on all hands , ought to be vested in the Union , cannot be safely intrusted to a body which is not under every requisite control .
But there are satisfactory reasons to show that the objection is in reality not well founded .
There is in most of the arguments which relate to distance a palpable illusion of the imagination .
What are the sources of information by which the people in Montgomery County must regulate their judgment of the conduct of their representatives in the State legislature ?
Of personal observation they can have no benefit .
This is confined to the citizens on the spot .
They must therefore depend on the information of intelligent men , in whom they confide ; and how must these men obtain their information ?
Evidently from the complexion of public measures , from the public prints , from correspondences with their representatives , and with other persons who reside at the place of their deliberations .
This does not apply to Montgomery County only , but to all the counties at any considerable distance from the seat of government .
Their disposition to apprise the community of whatever may prejudice its interests from another quarter , may be relied upon , if it were only from the rivalship of power .
And we may conclude with the fullest assurance that the people , through that channel , will be better informed of the conduct of their national representatives , than they can be by any means they now possess of that of their State representatives .
The public papers will be expeditious messengers of intelligence to the most remote inhabitants of the Union .
Among the many curious objections which have appeared against the proposed Constitution , the most extraordinary and the least colorable is derived from the want of some provision respecting the debts due TO the United States .
This has been represented as a tacit relinquishment of those debts , and as a wicked contrivance to screen public defaulters .
The newspapers have teemed with the most inflammatory railings on this head ; yet there is nothing clearer than that the suggestion is entirely void of foundation , the offspring of extreme ignorance or extreme dishonesty .
If it were even true , that the adoption of the proposed government would occasion a considerable increase of expense , it would be an objection that ought to have no weight against the plan .
The great bulk of the citizens of America are with reason convinced , that Union is the basis of their political happiness .
In conceding all this , the question of expense must be given up ; for it is impossible , with any degree of safety , to narrow the foundation upon which the system is to stand .
The two branches of the legislature are , in the first instance , to consist of only sixty-five persons , which is the same number of which Congress , under the existing Confederation , may be composed .
It is true that this number is intended to be increased ; but this is to keep pace with the progress of the population and resources of the country .
It is evident that a less number would , even in the first instance , have been unsafe , and that a continuance of the present number would , in a more advanced stage of population , be a very inadequate representation of the people .
Whence is the dreaded augmentation of expense to spring ?
One source indicated , is the multiplication of offices under the new government .
Let us examine this a little .
It is evident that the principal departments of the administration under the present government , are the same which will be required under the new .
There are now a Secretary of War , a Secretary of Foreign Affairs , a Secretary for Domestic Affairs , a Board of Treasury , consisting of three persons , a Treasurer , assistants , clerks , etc .
These officers are indispensable under any system , and will suffice under the new as well as the old .
As to ambassadors and other ministers and agents in foreign countries , the proposed Constitution can make no other difference than to render their characters , where they reside , more respectable , and their services more useful .
As to persons to be employed in the collection of the revenues , it is unquestionably true that these will form a very considerable addition to the number of federal officers ; but it will not follow that this will occasion an increase of public expense .
It will be in most cases nothing more than an exchange of State for national officers .
In the collection of all duties , for instance , the persons employed will be wholly of the latter description .
The States individually will stand in no need of any for this purpose .
What difference can it make in point of expense to pay officers of the customs appointed by the State or by the United States ?
There is no good reason to suppose that either the number or the salaries of the latter will be greater than those of the former .
Where then are we to seek for those additional articles of expense which are to swell the account to the enormous size that has been represented to us ?
The chief item which occurs to me respects the support of the judges of the United States .
I do not add the President , because there is now a president of Congress , whose expenses may not be far , if any thing , short of those which will be incurred on account of the President of the United States .
The support of the judges will clearly be an extra expense , but to what extent will depend on the particular plan which may be adopted in regard to this matter .
But upon no reasonable plan can it amount to a sum which will be an object of material consequence .
Let us now see what there is to counterbalance any extra expense that may attend the establishment of the proposed government .
The first thing which presents itself is that a great part of the business which now keeps Congress sitting through the year will be transacted by the President .
Even the management of foreign negotiations will naturally devolve upon him , according to general principles concerted with the Senate , and subject to their final concurrence .
Hence it is evident that a portion of the year will suffice for the session of both the Senate and the House of Representatives ; we may suppose about a fourth for the latter and a third , or perhaps half , for the former .
The extra business of treaties and appointments may give this extra occupation to the Senate .
From this circumstance we may infer that , until the House of Representatives shall be increased greatly beyond its present number , there will be a considerable saving of expense from the difference between the constant session of the present and the temporary session of the future Congress .
But there is another circumstance of great importance in the view of economy .
The business of the United States has hitherto occupied the State legislatures , as well as Congress .
The latter has made requisitions which the former have had to provide for .
Hence it has happened that the sessions of the State legislatures have been protracted greatly beyond what was necessary for the execution of the mere local business of the States .
More than half their time has been frequently employed in matters which related to the United States .
Vide Blackstone 's " Commentaries , " vol .
1 . , p .
Vide Blackstone 's " Commentaries , " vol. iv . , p .
To show that there is a power in the Constitution by which the liberty of the press may be affected , recourse has been had to the power of taxation .
It is said that duties may be laid upon the publications so high as to amount to a prohibition .
I know not by what logic it could be maintained , that the declarations in the State constitutions , in favor of the freedom of the press , would be a constitutional impediment to the imposition of duties upon publications by the State legislatures .
It cannot certainly be pretended that any degree of duties , however low , would be an abridgment of the liberty of the press .
We know that newspapers are taxed in Great Britain , and yet it is notorious that the press nowhere enjoys greater liberty than in that country .
And if duties of any kind may be laid without a violation of that liberty , it is evident that the extent must depend on legislative discretion , respecting the liberty of the press , will give it no greater security than it will have without them .
The same invasions of it may be effected under the State constitutions which contain those declarations through the means of taxation , as under the proposed Constitution , which has nothing of the kind .
It would be quite as significant to declare that government ought to be free , that taxes ought not to be excessive , etc . , as that the liberty of the press ought not to be restrained .
Concluding Remarks From MCLEAN 's Edition , New York .
It is remarkable , that the resemblance of the plan of the convention to the act which organizes the government of this State holds , not less with regard to many of the supposed defects , than to the real excellences of the former .
Among the pretended defects are the re-eligibility of the Executive , the want of a council , the omission of a formal bill of rights , the omission of a provision respecting the liberty of the press .
Thus have I , fellow-citizens , executed the task I had assigned to myself ; with what success , your conduct must determine .
I trust at least you will admit that I have not failed in the assurance I gave you respecting the spirit with which my endeavors should be conducted .
I have addressed myself purely to your judgments , and have studiously avoided those asperities which are too apt to disgrace political disputants of all parties , and which have been not a little provoked by the language and conduct of the opponents of the Constitution .
The perpetual changes which have been rung upon the wealthy , the well-born , and the great , have been such as to inspire the disgust of all sensible men .
And the unwarrantable concealments and misrepresentations which have been in various ways practiced to keep the truth from the public eye , have been of a nature to demand the reprobation of all honest men .
Every man is bound to answer these questions to himself , according to the best of his conscience and understanding , and to act agreeably to the genuine and sober dictates of his judgment .
This is a duty from which nothing can give him a dispensation . '
T is one that he is called upon , nay , constrained by all the obligations that form the bands of society , to discharge sincerely and honestly .
No partial motive , no particular interest , no pride of opinion , no temporary passion or prejudice , will justify to himself , to his country , or to his posterity , an improper election of the part he is to act .
I shall not dissemble that I feel an entire confidence in the arguments which recommend the proposed system to your adoption , and that I am unable to discern any real force in those by which it has been opposed .
I am persuaded that it is the best which our political situation , habits , and opinions will admit , and superior to any the revolution has produced .
Concessions on the part of the friends of the plan , that it has not a claim to absolute perfection , have afforded matter of no small triumph to its enemies . "
Why , " say they , " should we adopt an imperfect thing ?
Why not amend it and make it perfect before it is irrevocably established ? "
This may be plausible enough , but it is only plausible .
In the first place I remark , that the extent of these concessions has been greatly exaggerated .
They have been stated as amounting to an admission that the plan is radically defective , and that without material alterations the rights and the interests of the community cannot be safely confided to it .
This , as far as I have understood the meaning of those who make the concessions , is an entire perversion of their sense .
I answer in the next place , that I should esteem it the extreme of imprudence to prolong the precarious state of our national affairs , and to expose the Union to the jeopardy of successive experiments , in the chimerical pursuit of a perfect plan .
I never expect to see a perfect work from imperfect man .
The result of the deliberations of all collective bodies must necessarily be a compound , as well of the errors and prejudices , as of the good sense and wisdom , of the individuals of whom they are composed .
The compacts which are to embrace thirteen distinct States in a common bond of amity and union , must as necessarily be a compromise of as many dissimilar interests and inclinations .
How can perfection spring from such materials ?
I will not repeat the arguments there used , as I presume the production itself has had an extensive circulation .
It is certainly well worthy the perusal of every friend to his country .
There is , however , one point of light in which the subject of amendments still remains to be considered , and in which it has not yet been exhibited to public view .
I cannot resolve to conclude without first taking a survey of it in this aspect .
It appears to me susceptible of absolute demonstration , that it will be far more easy to obtain subsequent than previous amendments to the Constitution .
The moment an alteration is made in the present plan , it becomes , to the purpose of adoption , a new one , and must undergo a new decision of each State .
To its complete establishment throughout the Union , it will therefore require the concurrence of thirteen States .
If , on the contrary , the Constitution proposed should once be ratified by all the States as it stands , alterations in it may at any time be effected by nine States .
Here , then , the chances are as thirteen to nine2 in favor of subsequent amendment , rather than of the original adoption of an entire system .
This is not all .
Every Constitution for the United States must inevitably consist of a great variety of particulars , in which thirteen independent States are to be accommodated in their interests or opinions of interest .
We may of course expect to see , in any body of men charged with its original formation , very different combinations of the parts upon different points .
Many of those who form a majority on one question , may become the minority on a second , and an association dissimilar to either may constitute the majority on a third .
The degree of that multiplication must evidently be in a ratio to the number of particulars and the number of parties .
But every amendment to the Constitution , if once established , would be a single proposition , and might be brought forward singly .
There would then be no necessity for management or compromise , in relation to any other point no giving nor taking .
The will of the requisite number would at once bring the matter to a decisive issue .
And consequently , whenever nine , or rather ten States , were united in the desire of a particular amendment , that amendment must infallibly take place .
There can , therefore , be no comparison between the facility of affecting an amendment , and that of establishing in the first instance a complete Constitution .
In opposition to the probability of subsequent amendments , it has been urged that the persons delegated to the administration of the national government will always be disinclined to yield up any portion of the authority of which they were once possessed .
I also think there is little weight in it on another account .
The intrinsic difficulty of governing thirteen States at any rate , independent of calculations upon an ordinary degree of public spirit and integrity , will , in my opinion constantly impose on the national rulers the necessity of a spirit of accommodation to the reasonable expectations of their constituents .
But there is yet a further consideration , which proves beyond the possibility of a doubt , that the observation is futile .
It is this that the national rulers , whenever nine States concur , will have no option upon the subject .
The words of this article are peremptory .
The Congress " shall call a convention . "
Nothing in this particular is left to the discretion of that body .
And of consequence , all the declamation about the disinclination to a change vanishes in air .
We may safely rely on the disposition of the State legislatures to erect barriers against the encroachments of the national authority .
If the foregoing argument is a fallacy , certain it is that I am myself deceived by it , for it is , in my conception , one of those rare instances in which a political truth can be brought to the test of a mathematical demonstration .
Those who see the matter in the same light with me , however zealous they may be for amendments , must agree in the propriety of a previous adoption , as the most direct road to their own object .
It may be in me a defect of political fortitude , but I acknowledge that I cannot entertain an equal tranquillity with those who affect to treat the dangers of a longer continuance in our present situation as imaginary .
A nation , without a national government , is , in my view , an awful spectacle .
The establishment of a Constitution , in time of profound peace , by the voluntary consent of a whole people , is a prodigy , to the completion of which I look forward with trembling anxiety .
I can reconcile it to no rules of prudence to let go the hold we now have , in so arduous an enterprise , upon seven out of the thirteen States , and after having passed over so considerable a part of the ground , to recommence the course .
I dread the more the consequences of new attempts , because I know that powerful individuals , in this and in other States , are enemies to a general national government in every possible shape .
1 Entitled " An Address to the People of the State of New York . " 2 It may rather be said TEN , for though two thirds may set on foot the measure , three fourths must ratify .
3 Hume 's " Essays , " vol. i . , page 128 : " The Rise of Arts and Sciences . "
End of the Project Gutenberg Etext of the Federalist Papers
The whole Battalion views , thir order due , Thir visages and stature as of Gods , Thir number last he summs .
As when Heavens Fire Hath scath 'd the Forrest Oaks , or Mountain Pines , With singed top their stately growth though bare Stands on the blasted Heath .
He now prepar 'd To speak ; whereat their doubl 'd Ranks they bend From Wing to Wing , and half enclose him round With all his Peers : attention held them mute .
Thrice he assayd , and thrice in spite of scorn , Tears such as Angels weep , burst forth : at last Words interwove with sighs found out their way .
For who can yet beleeve , though after loss , That all these puissant Legions , whose exile Hath emptied Heav 'n , shall faile to re-ascend Self-rais 'd , and repossess their native seat .
For me , be witness all the Host of Heav 'n , If counsels different , or danger shun 'd By me , have lost our hopes .
But these thoughts Full Counsel must mature : Peace is despaird , For who can think Submission ?
Warr then , Warr Open or understood must be resolv 'd .
There stood a Hill not far whose griesly top Belch 'd fire and rowling smoak ; the rest entire Shon with a glossie scurff , undoubted sign That in his womb was hid metallic Ore , The work of Sulphur .
Thither wing 'd with speed A numerous Brigad hasten 'd .
As when bands Of Pioners with Spade and Pickaxe arm 'd Forerun the Royal Camp , to trench a Field , Or cast a Rampart .
Soon had his crew Op 'nd into the Hill a spacious wound And dig 'd out ribs of Gold .
Let none admire That riches grow in Hell ; that soyle may best Deserve the pretious bane .
Not BABILON , Nor great ALCAIRO such magnificence Equal 'd in all thir glories , to inshrine BELUS or SERAPIS thir Gods , or seat Thir Kings , when AEGYPT with ASSYRIA strove In wealth and luxurie .
Thus incorporeal Spirits to smallest forms Reduc 'd thir shapes immense , and were at large , Though without number still amidst the Hall Of that infernal Court .
But far within And in thir own dimensions like themselves The great Seraphic Lords and Cherubim In close recess and secret conclave sat A thousand Demy-Gods on golden seat 's , Frequent and full .
After short silence then And summons read , the great consult began .
THE END OF THE FIRST BOOK .
PARADISE LOST BOOK II .
Powers and Dominions , Deities of Heav 'n , For since no deep within her gulf can hold Immortal vigor , though opprest and fall 'n , I give not Heav 'n for lost .
My sentence is for open Warr : Of Wiles , More unexpert , I boast not : them let those Contrive who need , or when they need , not now .
But perhaps The way seems difficult and steep to scale With upright wing against a higher foe .
Let such bethink them , if the sleepy drench Of that forgetful Lake benumme not still , That in our proper motion we ascend Up to our native seat : descent and fall To us is adverse .
Who but felt of late When the fierce Foe hung on our brok 'n Rear Insulting , and pursu 'd us through the Deep , With what compulsion and laborious flight We sunk thus low ?
More destroy 'd then thus We should be quite abolisht and expire .
He ended frowning , and his look denounc 'd Desperate revenge , and Battel dangerous To less then Gods .
First , what Revenge ? the Towrs of Heav 'n are fill 'd With Armed watch , that render all access Impregnable ; oft on the bordering Deep Encamp thir Legions , or with obscure wing Scout farr and wide into the Realm of night , Scorning surprize .
Will he , so wise , let loose at once his ire , Belike through impotence , or unaware , To give his Enemies thir wish , and end Them in his anger , whom his anger saves To punish endless ? wherefore cease we then ?
Say they who counsel Warr , we are decreed , Reserv 'd and destin 'd to Eternal woe ; Whatever doing , what can we suffer more , What can we suffer worse ? is this then worst , Thus sitting , thus consulting , thus in Arms ?
Shall we then live thus vile , the race of Heav 'n Thus trampl 'd , thus expell 'd to suffer here Chains & these Torments ? better these then worse By my advice ; since fate inevitable Subdues us , and Omnipotent Decree , The Victors will .
To suffer , as to doe , Our strength is equal , nor the Law unjust That so ordains : this was at first resolv 'd , If we were wise , against so great a foe Contending , and so doubtful what might fall .
Thus BELIAL with words cloath 'd in reasons garb Counsel 'd ignoble ease , and peaceful sloath , Not peace : and after him thus MAMMON spake .
This must be our task In Heav 'n , this our delight ; how wearisom Eternity so spent in worship paid To whom we hate .
Our greatness will appear Then most conspicuous , when great things of small , Useful of hurtful , prosperous of adverse We can create , and in what place so e 're Thrive under evil , and work ease out of pain Through labour and endurance .
This deep world Of darkness do we dread ?
How oft amidst Thick clouds and dark doth Heav 'ns all-ruling Sire Choose to reside , his Glory unobscur 'd , And with the Majesty of darkness round Covers his Throne ; from whence deep thunders roar Must 'ring thir rage , and Heav 'n resembles Hell ?
As he our Darkness , cannot we his Light Imitate when we please ?
This Desart soile Wants not her hidden lustre , Gemms and Gold ; Nor want we skill or art , from whence to raise Magnificence ; and what can Heav 'n shew more ?
Our torments also may in length of time Become our Elements , these piercing Fires As soft as now severe , our temper chang 'd Into their temper ; which must needs remove The sensible of pain .
All things invite To peaceful Counsels , and the settl 'd State Of order , how in safety best we may Compose our present evils , with regard Of what we are and where , dismissing quite All thoughts of Warr : ye have what I advise .
What sit we then projecting Peace and Warr ?
Nor will occasion want , nor shall we need With dangerous expedition to invade Heav 'n , whose high walls fear no assault or Siege , Or ambush from the Deep .
What if we find Some easier enterprize ?
This would surpass Common revenge , and interrupt his joy In our Confusion , and our Joy upraise In his disturbance ; when his darling Sons Hurl 'd headlong to partake with us , shall curse Thir frail Originals , and faded bliss , Faded so soon .
Advise if this be worth Attempting , or to sit in darkness here Hatching vain Empires .
But thir spite still serves His glory to augment .
The bold design Pleas 'd highly those infernal States , and joy Sparkl 'd in all thir eyes ; with full assent They vote : whereat his speech he thus renews .
Here he had need All circumspection , and we now no less Choice in our suffrage ; for on whom we send , The weight of all and our last hope relies .
These past , if any pass , the void profound Of unessential Night receives him next Wide gaping , and with utter loss of being Threatens him , plung 'd in that abortive gulf .
If thence he scape into what ever world , Or unknown Region , what remains him less Then unknown dangers and as hard escape .
But they Dreaded not more th ' adventure then his voice Forbidding ; and at once with him they rose ; Thir rising all at once was as the sound Of Thunder heard remote .
O shame to men !
Part on the Plain , or in the Air sublime Upon the wing , or in swift race contend , As at th ' Olympian Games or PYTHIAN fields ; Part curb thir fierie Steeds , or shun the Goal With rapid wheels , or fronted Brigads form .
Others with vast TYPHOEAN rage more fell Rend up both Rocks and Hills , and ride the Air In whirlwind ; Hell scarce holds the wilde uproar .
As when ALCIDES from OEALIA Crown 'd With conquest , felt th ' envenom 'd robe , and tore Through pain up by the roots THESSALIAN Pines , And LICHAS from the top of OETA threw Into th ' EUBOIC Sea .
Others more milde , Retreated in a silent valley , sing With notes Angelical to many a Harp Thir own Heroic deeds and hapless fall By doom of Battel ; and complain that Fate Free Vertue should enthrall to Force or Chance .
Thir song was partial , but the harmony ( What could it less when Spirits immortal sing ? )
Suspended Hell , and took with ravishment The thronging audience .
Farr off from these a slow and silent stream , LETHE the River of Oblivion roules Her watrie Labyrinth , whereof who drinks , Forthwith his former state and being forgets , Forgets both joy and grief , pleasure and pain .
SATAN was now at hand , and from his seat The Monster moving onward came as fast , With horrid strides , Hell trembled as he strode .
Th ' undaunted Fiend what this might be admir 'd , Admir 'd , not fear 'd ; God and his Son except , Created thing naught vallu 'd he nor shun 'd ; And with disdainful look thus first began .
And reck 'n'st thou thy self with Spirits of Heav 'n , Hell-doomd , and breath 'st defiance here and scorn , Where I reign King , and to enrage thee more , Thy King and Lord ?
Back to thy punishment , False fugitive , and to thy speed add wings , Least with a whip of Scorpions I pursue Thy lingring , or with one stroke of this Dart Strange horror seise thee , and pangs unfelt before .
O Father , what intends thy hand , she cry 'd , Against thy only Son ?
I know thee not , nor ever saw till now Sight more detestable then him and thee .
Pensive here I sat Alone , but long I sat not , till my womb Pregnant by thee , and now excessive grown Prodigious motion felt and rueful throes .
But thou O Father , I forewarn thee , shun His deadly arrow ; neither vainly hope To be invulnerable in those bright Arms , Though temper 'd heav 'nly , for that mortal dint , Save he who reigns above , none can resist .
She finish 'd , and the suttle Fiend his lore Soon learnd , now milder , and thus answerd smooth .
The key of this infernal Pit by due , And by command of Heav 'ns all-powerful King I keep , by him forbidden to unlock These Adamantine Gates ; against all force Death ready stands to interpose his dart , Fearless to be o 'rematcht by living might .
To whom these most adhere , Hee rules a moment ; CHAOS Umpire sits , And by decision more imbroiles the fray By which he Reigns : next him high Arbiter CHANCE governs all .
T ' whom SATAN turning boldly , thus .
Thus SATAN ; and him thus the Anarch old With faultring speech and visage incompos 'd Answer 'd .
I know thee , stranger , who thou art , That mighty leading Angel , who of late Made head against Heav 'ns King , though overthrown .
I saw and heard , for such a numerous host Fled not in silence through the frighted deep With ruin upon ruin , rout on rout , Confusion worse confounded ; and Heav 'n Gates Pourd out by millions her victorious Bands Pursuing .
So he with difficulty and labour hard Mov 'd on , with difficulty and labour hee ; But hee once past , soon after when man fell , Strange alteration !
Thither full fraught with mischievous revenge , Accurst , and in a cursed hour he hies .
THE END OF THE SECOND BOOK .
PARADISE LOST BOOK III
Then feed on thoughts , that voluntarie move Harmonious numbers ; as the wakeful Bird Sings darkling , and in shadiest Covert hid Tunes her nocturnal Note .
So much the rather thou Celestial light Shine inward , and the mind through all her powers Irradiate , there plant eyes , all mist from thence Purge and disperse , that I may see and tell Of things invisible to mortal sight .
Him God beholding from his prospect high , Wherein past , present , future he beholds , Thus to his onely Son foreseeing spake .
Whose but his own ? ingrate , he had of mee All he could have ; I made him just and right , Sufficient to have stood , though free to fall .
Such I created all th ' Ethereal Powers And Spirits , both them who stood & them who faild ; Freely they stood who stood , and fell who fell .
Not free , what proof could they have givn sincere Of true allegiance , constant Faith or Love , Where onely what they needs must do , appeard , Not what they would ? what praise could they receive ?
What pleasure I from such obedience paid , When Will and Reason ( Reason also is choice ) Useless and vain , of freedom both despoild , Made passive both , had servd necessitie , Not mee .
So should thy goodness and thy greatness both Be questiond and blaspheam 'd without defence .
To whom the great Creatour thus reply 'd .
To prayer , repentance , and obedience due , Though but endevord with sincere intent , Mine eare shall not be slow , mine eye not shut .
And I will place within them as a guide My Umpire CONSCIENCE , whom if they will hear , Light after light well us 'd they shall attain , And to the end persisting , safe arrive .
This my long sufferance and my day of grace They who neglect and scorn , shall never taste ; But hard be hard 'nd , blind be blinded more , That they may stumble on , and deeper fall ; And none but such from mercy I exclude .
Say Heav 'nly Powers , where shall we find such love , Which of ye will be mortal to redeem Mans mortal crime , and just th ' unjust to save , Dwels in all Heaven charitie so deare ?
He ask 'd , but all the Heav 'nly Quire stood mute , And silence was in Heav 'n : on mans behalf Patron or Intercessor none appeerd , Much less that durst upon his own head draw The deadly forfeiture , and ransom set .
And now without redemption all mankind Must have bin lost , adjudg 'd to Death and Hell By doom severe , had not the Son of God , In whom the fulness dwels of love divine , His dearest mediation thus renewd .
I through the ample Air in Triumph high Shall lead Hell Captive maugre Hell , and show The powers of darkness bound .
His words here ended , but his meek aspect Silent yet spake , and breath 'd immortal love To mortal men , above which only shon Filial obedience : as a sacrifice Glad to be offer 'd , he attends the will Of his great Father .
As in him perish all men , so in thee As from a second root shall be restor 'd , As many as are restor 'd , without thee none .
His crime makes guiltie all his Sons , thy merit Imputed shall absolve them who renounce Thir own both righteous and unrighteous deeds , And live in thee transplanted , and from thee Receive new life .
So Man , as is most just , Shall satisfie for Man , be judg 'd and die , And dying rise , and rising with him raise His Brethren , ransomd with his own dear life .
So Heav 'nly love shal outdoo Hellish hate , Giving to death , and dying to redeeme , So dearly to redeem what Hellish hate So easily destroy 'd , and still destroyes In those who , when they may , accept not grace .
Nor shalt thou by descending to assume Mans Nature , less 'n or degrade thine owne .
Then all thy Saints assembl 'd , thou shalt judge Bad men and Angels , they arraignd shall sink Beneath thy Sentence ; Hell , her numbers full , Thenceforth shall be for ever shut .
Mean while The World shall burn , and from her ashes spring New Heav 'n and Earth , wherein the just shall dwell And after all thir tribulations long See golden days , fruitful of golden deeds , With Joy and Love triumphing , and fair Truth .
Then thou thy regal Scepter shalt lay by , For regal Scepter then no more shall need , God shall be All in All .
But all ye Gods , Adore him , who to compass all this dies , Adore the Son , and honour him as mee .
O unexampl 'd love , Love no where to be found less then Divine !
Hail Son of God , Saviour of Men , thy Name Shall be the copious matter of my Song Henceforth , and never shall my Harp thy praise Forget , nor from thy Fathers praise disjoine .
Thus they in Heav 'n , above the starry Sphear , Thir happie hours in joy and hymning spent .
The Stairs were then let down , whether to dare The Fiend by easie ascent , or aggravate His sad exclusion from the dores of Bliss .
SATAN from hence now on the lower stair That scal 'd by steps of Gold to Heav 'n Gate Looks down with wonder at the sudden view Of all this World at once .
Such wonder seis 'd , though after Heaven seen , The Spirit maligne , but much more envy seis 'd At sight of all this World beheld so faire .
There lands the Fiend , a spot like which perhaps Astronomer in the Sun 's lucent Orbe Through his glaz 'd Optic Tube yet never saw .
Glad was the Spirit impure as now in hope To find who might direct his wandring flight To Paradise the happie seat of Man , His journies end and our beginning woe .
That spot to which I point is PARADISE , ADAMS abode , those loftie shades his Bowre .
Thy way thou canst not miss , me mine requires .
THE END OF THE THIRD BOOK .
PARADISE LOST BOOK IV .
Sometimes towards EDEN which now in his view Lay pleasant , his grievd look he fixes sad , Sometimes towards Heav 'n and the full-blazing Sun , Which now sat high in his Meridian Towre : Then much revolving , thus in sighs began .
O had his powerful Destiny ordaind Me some inferiour Angel , I had stood Then happie ; no unbounded hope had rais 'd Ambition .
Yet why not ? som other Power As great might have aspir 'd , and me though mean Drawn to his part ; but other Powers as great Fell not , but stand unshak 'n , from within Or from without , to all temptations arm 'd .
Hadst thou the same free Will and Power to stand ?
Thou hadst : whom hast thou then or what to accuse , But Heav 'ns free Love dealt equally to all ?
Be then his Love accurst , since love or hate , To me alike , it deals eternal woe .
Nay curs 'd be thou ; since against his thy will Chose freely what it now so justly rues .
Me miserable ! which way shall I flie Infinite wrauth , and infinite despaire ?
Which way I flie is Hell ; my self am Hell ; And in the lowest deep a lower deep Still threatning to devour me opens wide , To which the Hell I suffer seems a Heav 'n .
O then at last relent : is there no place Left for Repentance , none for Pardon left ?
None left but by submission ; and that word DISDAIN forbids me , and my dread of shame Among the spirits beneath , whom I seduc 'd With other promises and other vaunts Then to submit , boasting I could subdue Th ' Omnipotent .
But say I could repent and could obtaine By Act of Grace my former state ; how soon Would highth recal high thoughts , how soon unsay What feign 'd submission swore : ease would recant Vows made in pain , as violent and void .
For never can true reconcilement grow Where wounds of deadly hate have peirc 'd so deep : Which would but lead me to a worse relapse And heavier fall : so should I purchase deare Short intermission bought with double smart .
This knows my punisher ; therefore as farr From granting hee , as I from begging peace : All hope excluded thus , behold in stead Of us out-cast , exil 'd , his new delight , Mankind created , and for him this World .
Thus while he spake , each passion dimm 'd his face Thrice chang 'd with pale , ire , envie and despair , Which marrd his borrow 'd visage , and betraid Him counterfet , if any eye beheld .
For heav 'nly mindes from such distempers foule Are ever cleer .
Yet higher then thir tops The verdurous wall of Paradise up sprung : Which to our general Sire gave prospect large Into his neather Empire neighbouring round .
So little knows Any , but God alone , to value right The good before him , but perverts best things To worst abuse , or to thir meanest use .
The Birds thir quire apply ; aires , vernal aires , Breathing the smell of field and grove , attune The trembling leaves , while Universal PAN Knit with the GRACES and the HOURS in dance Led on th ' Eternal Spring .
And should I at your harmless innocence Melt , as I doe , yet public reason just , Honour and Empire with revenge enlarg 'd , By conquering this new World , compels me now To do what else though damnd I should abhorre .
So spake the Fiend , and with necessitie , The Tyrants plea , excus 'd his devilish deeds .
To whom thus Eve repli 'd .
O thou for whom And from whom I was formd flesh of thy flesh , And without whom am to no end , my Guide And Head , what thou hast said is just and right .
For wee to him indeed all praises owe , And daily thanks , I chiefly who enjoy So farr the happier Lot , enjoying thee Preeminent by so much odds , while thou Like consort to thy self canst no where find .
That day I oft remember , when from sleep I first awak 't , and found my self repos 'd Under a shade on flours , much wondring where And what I was , whence thither brought , and how .
Suspicious , reasonless .
Why should thir Lord Envie them that ? can it be sin to know , Can it be death ? and do they onely stand By Ignorance , is that thir happie state , The proof of thir obedience and thir faith ?
O fair foundation laid whereon to build Thir ruine !
Hence I will excite thir minds With more desire to know , and to reject Envious commands , invented with designe To keep them low whom knowledge might exalt Equal with Gods ; aspiring to be such , They taste and die : what likelier can ensue ?
Live while ye may , Yet happie pair ; enjoy , till I return , Short pleasures , for long woes are to succeed .
So saying , his proud step he scornful turn 'd , But with sly circumspection , and began Through wood , through waste , o 're hil , o 're dale his roam .
But if within the circuit of these walks In whatsoever shape he lurk , of whom Thou telst , by morrow dawning I shall know .
To whom thus EVE with perfet beauty adornd .
My Author and Disposer , what thou bidst Unargu 'd I obey ; so God ordains , God is thy Law , thou mine : to know no more Is womans happiest knowledge and her praise .
With thee conversing I forget all time , All seasons and thir change , all please alike .
But wherfore all night long shine these , for whom This glorious sight , when sleep hath shut all eyes ?
To whom our general Ancestor repli 'd .
In shadier Bower More sacred and sequesterd , though but feignd , PAN or SILVANUS never slept , nor Nymph , Nor FAUNUS haunted .
But thou hast promis 'd from us two a Race To fill the Earth , who shall with us extoll Thy goodness infinite , both when we wake , And when we seek , as now , thy gift of sleep .
Our Maker bids increase , who bids abstain But our Destroyer , foe to God and Man ?
Haile wedded Love , mysterious Law , true source Of human ofspring , sole proprietie , In Paradise of all things common else .
By thee adulterous lust was driv 'n from men Among the bestial herds to raunge , by thee Founded in Reason , Loyal , Just , and Pure , Relations dear , and all the Charities Of Father , Son , and Brother first were known .
Farr be it , that I should write thee sin or blame , Or think thee unbefitting holiest place , Perpetual Fountain of Domestic sweets , Whose Bed is undefil 'd and chast pronounc 't , Present , or past , as Saints and Patriarchs us 'd .
These lulld by Nightingales imbraceing slept , And on thir naked limbs the flourie roof Showrd Roses , which the Morn repair 'd .
Sleep on , Blest pair ; and O yet happiest if ye seek No happier state , and know to know no more .
UZZIEL , half these draw off , and coast the South With strictest watch ; these other wheel the North , Our circuit meets full West .
As flame they part Half wheeling to the Shield , half to the Spear .
From these , two strong and suttle Spirits he calld That neer him stood , and gave them thus in charge .
ITHURIEL and ZEPHON , with wingd speed Search through this Garden , leav unsearcht no nook , But chiefly where those two fair Creatures Lodge , Now laid perhaps asleep secure of harme .
This Eevning from the Sun 's decline arriv 'd Who tells of som infernal Spirit seen Hitherward bent ( who could have thought ? ) escap 'd The barrs of Hell , on errand bad no doubt : Such where ye find , seise fast , and hither bring .
Him thus intent ITHURIEL with his Spear Touch 'd lightly ; for no falshood can endure Touch of Celestial temper , but returns Of force to its own likeness : up he starts Discoverd and surpriz 'd .
As when a spark Lights on a heap of nitrous Powder , laid Fit for the Tun som Magazin to store Against a rumord Warr , the Smuttie graine With sudden blaze diffus 'd , inflames the Aire : So started up in his own shape the Fiend .
Back stept those two fair Angels half amaz 'd So sudden to behold the grieslie King ; Yet thus , unmovd with fear , accost him soon .
Which of those rebell Spirits adjudg 'd to Hell Com 'st thou , escap 'd thy prison , and transform 'd , Why satst thou like an enemie in waite Here watching at the head of these that sleep ?
To whom thus ZEPHON , answering scorn with scorn .
But come , for thou , be sure , shalt give account To him who sent us , whose charge is to keep This place inviolable , and these from harm .
If I must contend , said he , Best with the best , the Sender not the sent , Or all at once ; more glorie will be wonn , Or less be lost .
Thy fear , said ZEPHON bold , Will save us trial what the least can doe Single against thee wicked , and thence weak .
The Fiend repli 'd not , overcome with rage ; But like a proud Steed reind , went hautie on , Chaumping his iron curb : to strive or flie He held it vain ; awe from above had quelld His heart , not else dismai 'd .
Now drew they nigh The western point , where those half-rounding guards Just met , & closing stood in squadron joind Awaiting next command .
To whom thir Chief GABRIEL from the Front thus calld aloud .
He scarce had ended , when those two approachd And brief related whom they brought , wher found , How busied , in what form and posture coucht .
To whom with stern regard thus GABRIEL spake .
To whom thus SATAN with contemptuous brow .
GABRIEL , thou hadst in Heav 'n th ' esteem of wise , And such I held thee ; but this question askt Puts me in doubt .
Lives ther who loves his pain ?
Who would not , finding way , break loose from Hell , Though thither doomd ?
The rest is true , they found me where they say ; But that implies not violence or harme .
Thus hee in scorn .
The warlike Angel mov 'd , Disdainfully half smiling thus repli 'd .
So judge thou still , presumptuous , till the wrauth , Which thou incurr 'st by flying , meet thy flight Seavenfold , and scourge that wisdom back to Hell , Which taught thee yet no better , that no pain Can equal anger infinite provok 't .
To which the Fiend thus answerd frowning stern .
Not that I less endure , or shrink from pain , Insulting Angel , well thou knowst I stood Thy fiercest , when in Battel to thy aide The blasting volied Thunder made all speed And seconded thy else not dreaded Spear .
But still thy words at random , as before , Argue thy inexperience what behooves From hard assaies and ill successes past A faithful Leader , not to hazard all Through wayes of danger by himself untri 'd .
To whom the warriour Angel soon repli 'd .
To say and strait unsay , pretending first Wise to flie pain , professing next the Spie , Argues no Leader , but a lyar trac 't , SATAN , and couldst thou faithful add ?
O name , O sacred name of faithfulness profan 'd !
Faithful to whom ? to thy rebellious crew ?
Armie of Fiends , fit body to fit head ; Was this your discipline and faith ingag 'd , Your military obedience , to dissolve Allegeance to th ' acknowledg 'd Power supream ?
And thou sly hypocrite , who now wouldst seem Patron of liberty , who more then thou Once fawn 'd , and cring 'd , and servilly ador 'd Heav 'ns awful Monarch ? wherefore but in hope To dispossess him , and thy self to reigne ?
So threatn 'd hee , but SATAN to no threats Gave heed , but waxing more in rage repli 'd .
The Fiend lookt up and knew His mounted scale aloft : nor more ; but fled Murmuring , and with him fled the shades of night .
THE END OF THE FOURTH BOOK .
PARADISE LOST BOOK V.
Such whispering wak 'd her , but with startl 'd eye On ADAM , whom imbracing , thus she spake .
Or envie , or what reserve forbids to taste ?
Forbid who will , none shall from me withhold Longer thy offerd good , why else set here ?
So saying , he drew nigh , and to me held , Even to my mouth of that same fruit held part Which he had pluckt ; the pleasant savourie smell So quick 'nd appetite , that I , methought , Could not but taste .
Thus EVE her Night Related , and thus ADAM answerd sad .
Best Image of my self and dearer half , The trouble of thy thoughts this night in sleep Affects me equally ; nor can I like This uncouth dream , of evil sprung I fear ; Yet evil whence ? in thee can harbour none , Created pure .
Oft in her absence mimic Fansie wakes To imitate her ; but misjoyning shapes , Wilde work produces oft , and most in dreams , Ill matching words and deeds long past or late .
Som such resemblances methinks I find Of our last Eevnings talk , in this thy dream , But with addition strange ; yet be not sad .
Evil into the mind of God or Man May come and go , so unapprov 'd , and leave No spot or blame behind : Which gives me hope That what in sleep thou didst abhorr to dream , Waking thou never wilt consent to do .
So all was cleard , and to the Field they haste .
These are thy glorious works , Parent of good , Almightie , thine this universal Frame , Thus wondrous fair ; thy self how wondrous then !
Fairest of Starrs , last in the train of Night , If better thou belong not to the dawn , Sure pledge of day , that crownst the smiling Morn With thy bright Circlet , praise him in thy Spheare While day arises , that sweet hour of Prime .
Thou Sun , of this great World both Eye and Soule , Acknowledge him thy Greater , sound his praise In thy eternal course , both when thou climb 'st , And when high Noon hast gaind , & when thou fallst .
Aire , and ye Elements the eldest birth Of Natures Womb , that in quaternion run Perpetual Circle , multiform ; and mix And nourish all things , let your ceasless change Varie to our great Maker still new praise .
His praise ye Winds , that from four Quarters blow , Breath soft or loud ; and wave your tops , ye Pines , With every Plant , in sign of Worship wave .
Fountains and yee , that warble , as ye flow , Melodious murmurs , warbling tune his praise .
Hail universal Lord , be bounteous still To give us onely good ; and if the night Have gathered aught of evil or conceald , Disperse it , as now light dispels the dark .
So pray 'd they innocent , and to thir thoughts Firm peace recoverd soon and wonted calm .
Them thus imploid beheld With pittie Heav 'ns high King , and to him call 'd RAPHAEL , the sociable Spirit , that deign 'd To travel with TOBIAS , and secur 'd His marriage with the seaventimes-wedded Maid .
RAPHAEL , said hee , thou hear 'st what stir on Earth SATAN from Hell scap 't through the darksom Gulf Hath raisd in Paradise , and how disturbd This night the human pair , how he designes In them at once to ruin all mankind .
From hence , no cloud , or , to obstruct his sight , Starr interpos 'd , however small he sees , Not unconform to other shining Globes , Earth and the Gard 'n of God , with Cedars crownd Above all Hills .
As when by night the Glass Of GALILEO , less assur 'd , observes Imagind Lands and Regions in the Moon : Or Pilot from amidst the CYCLADES DELOS or SAMOS first appeering kenns A cloudy spot .
Like MAIA 'S son he stood , And shook his Plumes , that Heav 'nly fragrance filld The circuit wide .
Strait knew him all the bands Of Angels under watch ; and to his state , And to his message high in honour rise ; For on som message high they guessd him bound .
To whom thus EVE .
Neerer his presence ADAM though not awd , Yet with submiss approach and reverence meek , As to a superior Nature , bowing low , Thus said .
Whom thus the Angelic Vertue answerd milde .
On whom the Angel HAILE Bestowd , the holy salutation us 'd Long after to blest MARIE , second EVE .
Haile Mother of Mankind , whose fruitful Womb Shall fill the World more numerous with thy Sons Then with these various fruits the Trees of God Have heap 'd this Table .
Rais 'd of grassie terf Thir Table was , and mossie seats had round , And on her ample Square from side to side All AUTUMN pil 'd , though SPRING and AUTUMN here Danc 'd hand in hand .
A while discourse they hold ; No fear lest Dinner coole ; when thus began Our Authour .
To whom the Angel .
Nor doth the Moon no nourishment exhale From her moist Continent to higher Orbes .
To whom the winged Hierarch repli 'd .
Mean while enjoy Your fill what happiness this happie state Can comprehend , incapable of more .
To whom the Patriarch of mankind repli 'd .
O favourable spirit , propitious guest , Well hast thou taught the way that might direct Our knowledge , and the scale of Nature set From center to circumference , whereon In contemplation of created things By steps we may ascend to God .
To whom the Angel .
Son of Heav 'n and Earth , Attend : That thou art happie , owe to God ; That thou continu 'st such , owe to thy self , That is , to thy obedience ; therein stand .
This was that caution giv 'n thee ; be advis 'd .
My self and all th ' Angelic Host that stand In sight of God enthron 'd , our happie state Hold , as you yours , while our obedience holds ; On other surety none ; freely we serve .
To whom our great Progenitor .
Thus ADAM made request , and RAPHAEL After short pause assenting , thus began .
Thus when in Orbes Of circuit inexpressible they stood , Orb within Orb , the Father infinite , By whom in bliss imbosom 'd sat the Son , Amidst as from a flaming Mount , whoseop Brightness had made invisible , thus spake .
Hear all ye Angels , Progenie of Light , Thrones , Dominations , Princedoms , Vertues , Powers , Hear my Decree , which unrevok 't shall stand .
So spake th ' Omnipotent , and with his words All seemd well pleas 'd , all seem 'd , but were not all .
They eat , they drink , and with refection sweet Are fill 'd , before th ' all bounteous King , who showrd With copious hand , rejoycing in thir joy .
Sleepst thou Companion dear , what sleep can close Thy eye-lids ? and remembrest what Decree Of yesterday , so late hath past the lips Of Heav 'ns Almightie .
Let us advise , and to this hazard draw With speed what force is left , and all imploy In our defence , lest unawares we lose This our high place , our Sanctuarie , our Hill .
To whom the Son with calm aspect and cleer Light 'ning Divine , ineffable , serene , Made answer .
So spake the Son , but SATAN with his Powers Farr was advanc 't on winged speed , an Host Innumerable as the Starrs of Night , Or Starrs of Morning , Dew-drops , which the Sun Impearls on every leaf and every flouer .
But what if better counsels might erect Our minds and teach us to cast off this Yoke ?
O argument blasphemous , false and proud !
Words which no eare ever to hear in Heav 'n Expected , least of all from thee , ingrate In place thy self so high above thy Peeres .
Shalt thou give Law to God , shalt thou dispute With him the points of libertie , who made Thee what thou art , & formd the Pow 'rs of Heav 'n Such as he pleasd , and circumscrib 'd thir being ?
Yet by experience taught we know how good , And of our good , and of our dignitie How provident he is , how farr from thought To make us less , bent rather to exalt Our happie state under one Head more neer United .
Cease then this impious rage , And tempt not these ; but hast 'n to appease Th ' incensed Father , and th ' incensed Son , While Pardon may be found in time besought .
So spake the fervent Angel , but his zeale None seconded , as out of season judg 'd , Or singular and rash , whereat rejoic 'd Th ' Apostat , and more haughty thus repli 'd .
That we were formd then saist thou ? & the work Of secondarie hands , by task transferd From Father to his Son ? strange point and new !
Doctrin which we would know whence learnt : who saw When this creation was ? rememberst thou Thy making , while the Maker gave thee being ?
We know no time when we were not as now ; Know none before us , self-begot , self-rais 'd By our own quick 'ning power , when fatal course Had circl 'd his full Orbe , the birth mature Of this our native Heav 'n , Ethereal Sons .
Our puissance is our own , our own right hand Shall teach us highest deeds , by proof to try Who is our equal : then thou shalt behold Whether by supplication we intend Address , and to begirt th ' Almighty Throne Beseeching or besieging .
This report , These tidings carrie to th ' anointed King ; And fly , ere evil intercept thy flight .
He said , and as the sound of waters deep Hoarce murmur echo 'd to his words applause Through the infinite Host , nor less for that The flaming Seraph fearless , though alone Encompass 'd round with foes , thus answerd bold .
Well thou didst advise , Yet not for thy advise or threats I fly These wicked Tents devoted , least the wrauth Impendent , raging into sudden flame Distinguish not : for soon expect to feel His Thunder on thy head , devouring fire .
Then who created thee lamenting learne , When who can uncreate thee thou shalt know .
From amidst them forth he passd , Long way through hostile scorn , which he susteind Superior , nor of violence fear 'd aught ; And with retorted scorn his back he turn 'd On those proud Towrs to swift destruction doom 'd .
THE END OF THE FIFTH BOOK .
PARADISE LOST BOOK VI .
All night the dreadless Angel unpursu 'd Through Heav 'ns wide Champain held his way , till Morn , Wak 't by the circling Hours , with rosie hand Unbarr 'd the gates of Light .
O Heav 'n ! that such resemblance of the Highest Should yet remain , where faith and realtie Remain not ; wherfore should not strength & might There fail where Vertue fails , or weakest prove Where boldest ; though to sight unconquerable ?
So pondering , and from his armed Peers Forth stepping opposite , half way he met His daring foe , at this prevention more Incens 't , and thus securely him defi 'd .
Whom the grand foe with scornful eye askance Thus answerd .
To whom in brief thus ABDIEL stern repli 'd .
This is servitude , To serve th ' unwise , or him who hath rebelld Against his worthier , as thine now serve thee , Thy self not free , but to thy self enthrall 'd ; Yet leudly dar 'st our ministring upbraid .
Sounder fierie Cope together rush 'd Both Battels maine , with ruinous assault And inextinguishable rage ; all Heav 'n Resounded , and had Earth bin then , all Earth Had to her Center shook .
But think not here To trouble Holy Rest ; Heav 'n casts thee out From all her Confines .
Heav 'n the seat of bliss Brooks not the works of violence and Warr .
So spake the Prince of Angels ; to whom thus The Adversarie .
Nor think thou with wind Of airie threats to aw whom yet with deeds Thou canst not .
Nor stood unmindful ABDIEL to annoy The Atheist crew , but with redoubl 'd blow ARIEL and ARIOC , and the violence Of RAMIEL scorcht and blasted overthrew .
For strength from Truth divided and from Just , Illaudable , naught merits but dispraise And ignominie , yet to glorie aspires Vain glorious , and through infamie seeks fame : Therfore Eternal silence be thir doome .
What Heavens Lord had powerfullest to send Against us from about his Throne , and judg 'd Sufficient to subdue us to his will , But proves not so : then fallible , it seems , Of future we may deem him , though till now Omniscient thought .
He sat ; and in th ' assembly next upstood NISROC , of Principalities the prime ; As one he stood escap 't from cruel fight , Sore toild , his riv 'n Armes to havoc hewn , And cloudie in aspect thus answering spake .
Sense of pleasure we may well Spare out of life perhaps , and not repine , But live content , which is the calmest life : But pain is perfet miserie , the worst Of evils , and excessive , overturnes All patience .
He who therefore can invent With what more forcible we may offend Our yet unwounded Enemies , or arme Our selves with like defence , to mee deserves No less then for deliverance what we owe .
Whereto with look compos 'd SATAN repli 'd .
Nor long shall be our labour , yet ere dawne , Effect shall end our wish .
Mean while revive ; Abandon fear ; to strength and counsel joind Think nothing hard , much less to be despaird .
He ended , and his words thir drooping chere Enlightn 'd , and thir languisht hope reviv 'd .
So all ere day spring , under conscious Night Secret they finish 'd , and in order set , With silent circumspection unespi 'd .
At interview both stood A while , but suddenly at head appeerd SATAN : And thus was heard Commanding loud .
So scoffing in ambiguous words , he scarce Had ended ; when to Right and Left the Front Divided , and to either Flank retir 'd .
SATAN beheld thir plight , And to his Mates thus in derision call 'd .
O Friends , why come not on these Victors proud ?
To whom thus BELIAL in like gamesom mood .
Two dayes are therefore past , the third is thine ; For thee I have ordain 'd it , and thus farr Have sufferd , that the Glorie may be thine Of ending this great Warr , since none but Thou Can end it .
He said , and on his Son with Rayes direct Shon full , he all his Father full exprest Ineffably into his face receiv 'd , And thus the filial Godhead answering spake .
Then shall thy Saints unmixt , and from th ' impure Farr separate , circling thy holy Mount Unfained HALLELUIAHS to thee sing , Hymns of high praise , and I among them chief .
Before him Power Divine his way prepar 'd ; At his command the uprooted Hills retir 'd Each to his place , they heard his voice and went Obsequious , Heav 'n his wonted face renewd , And with fresh Flourets Hill and Valley smil 'd .
This saw his hapless Foes , but stood obdur 'd , And to rebellious fight rallied thir Powers Insensate , hope conceiving from despair .
In heav 'nly Spirits could such perverseness dwell ?
But to convince the proud what Signs availe , Or Wonders move th ' obdurate to relent ?
So spake the Son , and into terrour chang 'd His count 'nance too severe to be beheld And full of wrauth bent on his Enemies .
At once the Four spred out thir Starrie wings With dreadful shade contiguous , and the Orbes Of his fierce Chariot rowld , as with the sound Of torrent Floods , or of a numerous Host .
Hee on his impious Foes right onward drove , Gloomie as Night ; under his burning Wheeles The stedfast Empyrean shook throughout , All but the Throne it self of God .
Hell heard th ' unsufferable noise , Hell saw Heav 'n ruining from Heav 'n and would have fled Affrighted ; but strict Fate had cast too deep Her dark foundations , and too fast had bound .
Disburd 'nd Heav 'n rejoic 'd , and soon repaird Her mural breach , returning whence it rowld .
But list 'n not to his Temptations , warne Thy weaker ; let it profit thee to have heard By terrible Example the reward Of disobedience ; firm they might have stood , Yet fell ; remember , and fear to transgress .
THE END OF THE SIXTH BOOK .
Descend from Heav 'n URANIA , by that name If rightly thou art call 'd , whose Voice divine Following , above th ' OLYMPIAN Hill I soare , Above the flight of PEGASEAN wing .
So fail not thou , who thee implores : For thou art Heav 'nlie , shee an empty dreame .
Thus ADAM his illustrous Guest besought : And thus the Godlike Angel answerd milde .
This also thy request with caution askt Obtaine : though to recount Almightie works What words or tongue of Seraph can suffice , Or heart of man suffice to comprehend ?
But Knowledge is as food , and needs no less Her Temperance over Appetite , to know In measure what the mind may well contain , Oppresses else with Surfet , and soon turns Wisdom to Folly , as Nourishment to Winde .
Though I uncircumscrib 'd my self retire , And put not forth my goodness , which is free To act or not , Necessitie and Chance Approach not mee , and what I will is Fate .
So spake th ' Almightie , and to what he spake His Word , the Filial Godhead , gave effect .
Immediate are the Acts of God , more swift Then time or motion , but to human ears Cannot without process of speech be told , So told as earthly notion can receave .
So sang the Hierarchies : Mean while the Son On his great Expedition now appeer 'd , Girt with Omnipotence , with Radiance crown 'd Of Majestie Divine , Sapience and Love Immense , and all his Father in him shon .
God saw the Light was good ; And light from darkness by the Hemisphere Divided : Light the Day , and Darkness Night He nam 'd .
Hither as to thir Fountain other Starrs Repairing , in thir gold 'n Urns draw Light , And hence the Morning Planet guilds his horns ; By tincture or reflection they augment Thir small peculiar , though from human sight So farr remote , with diminution seen .
And God said , let the Waters generate Reptil with Spawn abundant , living Soule : And let Fowle flie above the Earth , with wings Displayd on the op 'n Firmament of Heav 'n .
The Waters thus With Fish replenisht , and the Aire with Fowle , Ev 'ning and Morn solemniz 'd the Fift day .
The Sixt , and of Creation last arose With Eevning Harps and Mattin , when God said , Let th ' Earth bring forth Fowle living in her kinde , Cattel and Creeping things , and Beast of the Earth , Each in their kinde .
Let us make now Man in our image , Man In our similitude , and let them rule Over the Fish and Fowle of Sea and Aire , Beast of the Field , and over all the Earth , And every creeping thing that creeps the ground .
Who can impair thee , mighty King , or bound Thy Empire ? easily the proud attempt Of Spirits apostat and thir Counsels vaine Thou hast repeld , while impiously they thought Thee to diminish , and from thee withdraw The number of thy worshippers .
Who seekes To lessen thee , against his purpose serves To manifest the more thy might : his evil Thou usest , and from thence creat 'st more good .
So sung they , and the Empyrean rung , With HALLELUIAHS : Thus was Sabbath kept .
To whom thus ADAM gratefully repli 'd .
O when meet now Such pairs , in Love and mutual Honour joyn 'd ?
With Goddess-like demeanour forth she went ; Not unattended , for on her as Queen A pomp of winning Graces waited still , And from about her shot Darts of desire Into all Eyes to wish her still in sight .
And RAPHAEL now to ADAM 's doubt propos 'd Benevolent and facil thus repli 'd .
Yet not to Earth are those bright Luminaries Officious , but to thee Earths habitant .
But this I urge , Admitting Motion in the Heav 'ns , to shew Invalid that which thee to doubt it mov 'd ; Not that I so affirm , though so it seem To thee who hast thy dwelling here on Earth .
God to remove his wayes from human sense , Plac 'd Heav 'n from Earth so farr , that earthly sight , If it presume , might erre in things too high , And no advantage gaine .
What if the Sun Be Center to the World , and other Starrs By his attractive vertue and thir own Incited , dance about him various rounds ?
Thir wandring course now high , now low , then hid , Progressive , retrograde , or standing still , In six thou seest , and what if sev 'nth to these The Planet Earth , so stedfast though she seem , Insensibly three different Motions move ?
For such vast room in Nature unpossest By living Soule , desert and desolate , Onely to shine , yet scarce to contribute Each Orb a glimps of Light , conveyd so farr Down to this habitable , which returnes Light back to them , is obvious to dispute .
To whom thus ADAM cleerd of doubt , repli 'd .
Therefore from this high pitch let us descend A lower flight , and speak of things at hand Useful , whence haply mention may arise Of somthing not unseasonable to ask By sufferance , and thy wonted favour deign 'd .
To whom thus RAPHAEL answer 'd heav 'nly meek .
Not that they durst without his leave attempt , But us he sends upon his high behests For state , as Sovran King , and to enure Our prompt obedience .
Fast we found , fast shut The dismal Gates , and barricado 'd strong ; But long ere our approaching heard within Noise , other then the sound of Dance or Song , Torment , and lowd lament , and furious rage .
Glad we return 'd up to the coasts of Light Ere Sabbath Eev 'ning : so we had in charge .
But thy relation now ; for I attend , Pleas 'd with thy words no less then thou with mine .
So spake the Godlike Power , and thus our Sire .
For Man to tell how human Life began Is hard ; for who himself beginning knew ?
Desire with thee still longer to converse Induc 'd me .
As new wak 't from soundest sleep Soft on the flourie herb I found me laid In Balmie Sweat , which with his Beames the Sun Soon dri 'd , and on the reaking moisture fed .
Rejoycing , but with aw In adoration at his feet I fell Submiss : he rear 'd me , & Whom thou soughtst I am , Said mildely , Author of all this thou seest Above , or round about thee or beneath .
Sternly he pronounc 'd The rigid interdiction , which resounds Yet dreadful in mine eare , though in my choice Not to incur ; but soon his cleer aspect Return 'd and gratious purpose thus renew 'd .
Not onely these fair bounds , but all the Earth To thee and to thy Race I give ; as Lords Possess it , and all things that therein live , Or live in Sea , or Aire , Beast , Fish , and Fowle .
As thus he spake , each Bird and Beast behold Approaching two and two , These cowring low With blandishment , each Bird stoop 'd on his wing .
I nam 'd them , as they pass 'd , and understood Thir Nature , with such knowledg God endu 'd My sudden apprehension : but in these I found not what me thought I wanted still ; And to the Heav 'nly vision thus presum 'd .
In solitude What happiness , who can enjoy alone , Or all enjoying , what contentment find ?
Thus I presumptuous ; and the vision bright , As with a smile more bright 'nd , thus repli 'd .
So spake the Universal Lord , and seem 'd So ordering .
I with leave of speech implor 'd , And humble deprecation thus repli 'd .
Let not my words offend thee , Heav 'nly Power , My Maker , be propitious while I speak .
Hast thou not made me here thy substitute , And these inferiour farr beneath me set ?
Among unequals what societie Can sort , what harmonie or true delight ?
Whereto th ' Almighty answer 'd , not displeas 'd .
A nice and suttle happiness I see Thou to thy self proposest , in the choice Of thy Associates , ADAM , and wilt taste No pleasure , though in pleasure , solitarie .
What thinkst thou then of mee , and this my State , Seem I to thee sufficiently possest Of happiness , or not ? who am alone From all Eternitie , for none I know Second to mee or like , equal much less .
How have I then with whom to hold converse Save with the Creatures which I made , and those To me inferiour , infinite descents Beneath what other Creatures are to thee ?
He ceas 'd , I lowly answer 'd .
Thus I embold 'nd spake , and freedom us 'd Permissive , and acceptance found , which gain 'd This answer from the gratious voice Divine .
I overjoyd could not forbear aloud .
This turn hath made amends ; thou hast fulfill 'd Thy words , Creator bounteous and benigne , Giver of all things faire , but fairest this Of all thy gifts , nor enviest .
To whom the Angel with contracted brow .
To whom thus half abash 't ADAM repli 'd .
Yet these subject not ; I to thee disclose What inward thence I feel , not therefore foild , Who meet with various objects , from the sense Variously representing ; yet still free Approve the best , and follow what I approve .
To whom the Angel with a smile that glow 'd Celestial rosie red , Loves proper hue , Answer 'd .
Let it suffice thee that thou know 'st Us happie , and without Love no happiness .
But I can now no more ; the parting Sun Beyond the Earths green Cape and verdant Isles HESPEREAN sets , my Signal to depart .
I in thy persevering shall rejoyce , And all the Blest : stand fast ; to stand or fall Free in thine own Arbitrement it lies .
Perfet within , no outward aid require ; And all temptation to transgress repel .
So saying , he arose ; whom ADAM thus Follow 'd with benediction .
Since to part , Go heavenly Guest , Ethereal Messenger , Sent from whose sovran goodness I adore .
Gentle to me and affable hath been Thy condescension , and shall be honour 'd ever With grateful Memorie : thou to mankind Be good and friendly still , and oft return .
So parted they , the Angel up to Heav 'n From the thick shade , and ADAM to his Bowre .
THE END OF THE SEVENTH BOOK .
PARADISE LOST BOOK VIII .
Thus he resolv 'd , but first from inward griefe His bursting passion into plaints thus pour 'd : O Earth , how like to Heav 'n , if not preferrd More justly , Seat worthier of Gods , as built With second thoughts , reforming what was old !
For what God after better worse would build ?
And EVE first to her Husband thus began .
ADAM , well may we labour still to dress This Garden , still to tend Plant , Herb and Flour .
To whom mild answer ADAM thus return 'd .
For not to irksom toile , but to delight He made us , and delight to Reason joyn 'd .
These paths and Bowers doubt not but our joynt Will keep from Wilderness with ease , as wide As we need walk , till younger hands ere long Assist us : But if much converse perhaps Thee satiate , to short absence I could yeild .
For solitude somtimes is best societie , And short retirement urges sweet returne .
The Wife , where danger or dishonour lurks , Safest and seemliest by her Husband staies , Who guards her , or with her the worst endures .
To whom the Virgin Majestie of EVE , As one who loves , and some unkindness meets , With sweet austeer composure thus reply 'd .
But that thou shouldst my firmness therefore doubt To God or thee , because we have a foe May tempt it , I expected not to hear .
His violence thou fearst not , being such , As wee , not capable of death or paine , Can either not receave , or can repell .
To whom with healing words ADAM reply 'd .
Daughter of God and Man , immortal EVE , For such thou art , from sin and blame entire : Not diffident of thee do I dissuade Thy absence from my sight , but to avoid Th ' attempt it self , intended by our Foe .
Nor thou his malice and false guile contemn ; Suttle he needs must be , who could seduce Angels , nor think superfluous others aid .
Why shouldst not thou like sense within thee feel When I am present , and thy trial choose With me , best witness of thy Vertue tri 'd .
So spake domestick ADAM in his care And Matrimonial Love , but EVE , who thought Less attributed to her Faith sincere , Thus her reply with accent sweet renewd .
If this be our condition , thus to dwell In narrow circuit strait 'nd by a Foe , Suttle or violent , we not endu 'd Single with like defence , wherever met , How are we happie , still in fear of harm ?
And what is Faith , Love , Vertue unassaid Alone , without exterior help sustaind ?
Let us not then suspect our happie State Left so imperfet by the Maker wise , As not secure to single or combin 'd .
Fraile is our happiness , if this be so , And EDEN were no EDEN thus expos 'd .
To whom thus ADAM fervently repli 'd .
Not then mistrust , but tender love enjoynes , That I should mind thee oft , and mind thou me .
Firm we subsist , yet possible to swerve , Since Reason not impossibly may meet Some specious object by the Foe subornd , And fall into deception unaware , Not keeping strictest watch , as she was warnd .
Seek not temptation then , which to avoide Were better , and most likelie if from mee Thou sever not ; Trial will come unsought .
Wouldst thou approve thy constancie , approve First thy obedience ; th ' other who can know , Not seeing thee attempted , who attest ?
So spake the Patriarch of Mankinde , but EVE Persisted , yet submiss , though last , repli 'd .
Her long with ardent look his EYE pursu 'd Delighted , but desiring more her stay .
Oft he to her his charge of quick returne , Repeated , shee to him as oft engag 'd To be returnd by Noon amid the Bowre , And all things in best order to invite Noontide repast , or Afternoons repose .
O much deceav 'd , much failing , hapless EVE , Of thy presum 'd return ! event perverse !
Thou never from that houre in Paradise Foundst either sweet repast , or found repose ; Such ambush hid among sweet Flours and Shades Waited with hellish rancor imminent To intercept thy way , or send thee back Despoild of Innocence , of Faith , of Bliss .
For now , and since first break of dawne the Fiend , Meer Serpent in appearance , forth was come , And on his Quest , where likeliest he might finde The onely two of Mankinde , but in them The whole included Race , his purposd prey .
Much hee the Place admir 'd , the Person more .
Shee fair , divinely fair , fit Love for Gods , Not terrible , though terrour be in Love And beautie , not approacht by stronger hate , Hate stronger , under shew of Love well feign 'd , The way which to her ruin now I tend .
With tract oblique At first , as one who sought access , but feard To interrupt , side-long he works his way .
Hee boulder now , uncall 'd before her stood ; But as in gaze admiring : Oft he bowd His turret Crest , and sleek enamel 'd Neck , Fawning , and lick 'd the ground whereon she trod .
His gentle dumb expression turnd at length The Eye of EVE to mark his play ; he glad Of her attention gaind , with Serpent Tongue Organic , or impulse of vocal Air , His fraudulent temptation thus began .
So gloz 'd the Tempter , and his Proem tun 'd ; Into the Heart of EVE his words made way , Though at the voice much marveling ; at length Not unamaz 'd she thus in answer spake .
What may this mean ?
Language of Man pronounc 't By Tongue of Brute , and human sense exprest ?
The first at lest of these I thought deni 'd To Beasts , whom God on their Creation-Day Created mute to all articulat sound ; The latter I demurre , for in thir looks Much reason , and in thir actions oft appeers .
Say , for such wonder claims attention due .
To whom the guileful Tempter thus reply 'd .
To satisfie the sharp desire I had Of tasting those fair Apples , I resolv 'd Not to deferr ; hunger and thirst at once , Powerful perswaders , quick 'nd at the scent Of that alluring fruit , urg 'd me so keene .
About the Mossie Trunk I wound me soon , For high from ground the branches would require Thy utmost reach or ADAMS : Round the Tree All other Beasts that saw , with like desire Longing and envying stood , but could not reach .
Amid the Tree now got , where plentie hung Tempting so nigh , to pluck and eat my fill I spar 'd not , for such pleasure till that hour At Feed or Fountain never had I found .
Sated at length , ere long I might perceave Strange alteration in me , to degree Of Reason in my inward Powers , and Speech Wanted not long , though to this shape retaind .
So talk 'd the spirited sly Snake ; and EVE Yet more amaz 'd unwarie thus reply 'd .
Serpent , thy overpraising leaves in doubt The vertue of that Fruit , in thee first prov 'd : But say , where grows the Tree , from hence how far ?
To whom the wilie Adder , blithe and glad .
Empress , the way is readie , and not long , Beyond a row of Myrtles , on a Flat , Fast by a Fountain , one small Thicket past Of blowing Myrrh and Balme ; if thou accept My conduct , I can bring thee thither soon .
Lead then , said EVE .
Hee leading swiftly rowld In tangles , and make intricate seem strait , To mischief swift .
So glister 'd the dire Snake and into fraud Led EVE our credulous Mother , to the Tree Of prohibition , root of all our woe ; Which when she saw , thus to her guide she spake .
Serpent , we might have spar 'd our coming hither , Fruitless to me , though Fruit be here to excess , The credit of whose vertue rest with thee , Wondrous indeed , if cause of such effects .
But of this Tree we may not taste nor touch ; God so commanded , and left that Command Sole Daughter of his voice ; the rest , we live Law to our selves , our Reason is our Law .
To whom the Tempter guilefully repli 'd .
Indeed ? hath God then said that of the Fruit Of all these Garden Trees ye shall not eate , Yet Lords declar 'd of all in Earth or Aire ?
To whom thus EVE yet sinless .
Of the Fruit Of each Tree in the Garden we may eate , But of the Fruit of this fair Tree amidst The Garden , God hath said , Ye shall not eate Thereof , nor shall ye touch it , least ye die .
So standing , moving , or to highth upgrown The Tempter all impassiond thus began .
O Sacred , Wise , and Wisdom-giving Plant , Mother of Science , Now I feel thy Power Within me cleere , not onely to discerne Things in thir Causes , but to trace the wayes Of highest Agents , deemd however wise .
Queen of this Universe , doe not believe Those rigid threats of Death ; ye shall not Die : How should ye ? by the Fruit ? it gives you Life To Knowledge ?
By the Threatner , look on mee , Mee who have touch 'd and tasted , yet both live , And life more perfet have attaind then Fate Meant mee , by ventring higher then my Lot .
God therefore cannot hurt ye , and be just ; Not just , not God ; not feard then , nor obeid : Your feare it self of Death removes the feare .
Why then was this forbid ?
That ye should be as Gods , since I as Man , Internal Man , is but proportion meet , I of brute human , yee of human Gods .
So ye shalt die perhaps , by putting off Human , to put on Gods , death to be wisht , Though threat 'nd , which no worse then this can bring And what are Gods that Man may not become As they , participating God-like food ?
What can your knowledge hurt him , or this Tree Impart against his will if all be his ?
Or is it envie , and can envie dwell In heav 'nly brests ? these , these and many more Causes import your need of this fair Fruit .
Goddess humane , reach then , and freely taste .
In plain then , what forbids he but to know , Forbids us good , forbids us to be wise ?
Such prohibitions binde not .
But if Death Bind us with after-bands , what profits then Our inward freedom ?
In the day we eate Of this fair Fruit , our doom is , we shall die .
How dies the Serpent ? hee hath eat 'n and lives , And knows , and speaks , and reasons , and discernes , Irrational till then .
For us alone Was death invented ? or to us deni 'd This intellectual food , for beasts reserv 'd ?
For Beasts it seems : yet that one Beast which first Hath tasted , envies not , but brings with joy The good befall 'n him , Author unsuspect , Friendly to man , farr from deceit or guile .
What fear I then , rather what know to feare Under this ignorance of Good and Evil , Of God or Death , of Law or Penaltie ?
Here grows the Cure of all , this Fruit Divine , Fair to the Eye , inviting to the Taste , Of vertue to make wise : what hinders then To reach , and feed at once both Bodie and Mind ?
So saying , her rash hand in evil hour Forth reaching to the Fruit , she pluck 'd , she eat : Earth felt the wound , and Nature from her seat Sighing through all her Works gave signs of woe , That all was lost .
Greedily she ingorg 'd without restraint , And knew not eating Death : Satiate at length , And hight 'nd as with Wine , jocond and boon , Thus to her self she pleasingly began .
Experience , next to thee I owe , Best guide ; not following thee , I had remaind In ignorance , thou op 'nst Wisdoms way , And giv 'st access , though secret she retire .
And I perhaps am secret ; Heav 'n is high , High and remote to see from thence distinct Each thing on Earth ; and other care perhaps May have diverted from continual watch Our great Forbidder , safe with all his Spies About him .
This may be well : but what if God have seen , And Death ensue ? then I shall be no more , And ADAM wedded to another EVE , Shall live with her enjoying , I extinct ; A death to think .
Confirm 'd then I resolve , ADAM shall share with me in bliss or woe : So dear I love him , that with him all deaths I could endure ; without him live no life .
So saying , from the Tree her step she turnd , But first low Reverence don , as to the power That dwelt within , whose presence had infus 'd Into the plant sciential sap , deriv 'd From Nectar , drink of Gods .
ADAM the while Waiting desirous her return , had wove Of choicest Flours a Garland to adorne Her Tresses , and her rural labours crown As Reapers oft are wont thir Harvest Queen .
To him she hasted , in her face excuse Came Prologue , and Apologie to prompt , Which with bland words at will she thus addrest .
Hast thou not wonderd , ADAM , at my stay ?
For bliss , as thou hast part , to me is bliss , Tedious , unshar 'd with thee , and odious soon .
Thou therefore also taste , that equal Lot May joyne us , equal Joy , as equal Love ; Least thou not tasting , different degree Disjoyne us , and I then too late renounce Deitie for thee , when Fate will not permit .
Thus EVE with Countnance blithe her storie told ; But in her Cheek distemper flushing glowd .
O fairest of Creation , last and best Of all Gods Works , Creature in whom excell 'd Whatever can to fight or thought be found , Holy , divine , good , amiable , or sweet !
How art thou lost , how on a sudden lost , Defac 't , deflourd , and now to Death devote ?
So having said , as one from sad dismay Recomforted , and after thoughts disturbd Submitting to what seemd remediless , Thus in calme mood his Words to EVE he turnd .
Bold deed thou hast presum 'd , adventrous EVE , And peril great provok 't , who thus hast dar 'd Had it bin onely coveting to Eye That sacred Fruit , sacred to abstinence , Much more to taste it under banne to touch .
But past who can recall , or don undoe ?
Mee first He ruind , now Mankind ; whom will he next ?
Matter of scorne , not to be given the Foe .
So ADAM , and thus EVE to him repli 'd .
O glorious trial of exceeding Love , Illustrious evidence , example high !
On my experience , ADAM , freely taste , And fear of Death deliver to the Windes .
So saying , she embrac 'd him , and for joy Tenderly wept , much won that he his Love Had so enobl 'd , as of choice to incurr Divine displeasure for her sake , or Death .
In recompence ( for such compliance bad Such recompence best merits ) from the bough She gave him of that fair enticing Fruit With liberal hand : he scrupl 'd not to eat Against his better knowledge , not deceav 'd , But fondly overcome with Femal charm .
EVE , now I see thou art exact of taste , And elegant , of Sapience no small part , Since to each meaning savour we apply , And Palate call judicious ; I the praise Yeild thee , so well this day thou hast purvey 'd .
Much pleasure we have lost , while we abstain 'd From this delightful Fruit , nor known till now True relish , tasting ; if such pleasure be In things to us forbidden , it might be wish 'd , For this one Tree had bin forbidden ten .
So said he , and forbore not glance or toy Of amorous intent , well understood Of EVE , whose Eye darted contagious Fire .
Her hand he seis 'd , and to a shadie bank , Thick overhead with verdant roof imbowr 'd He led her nothing loath ; Flours were the Couch , Pansies , and Violets , and Asphodel , And Hyacinth , Earths freshest softest lap .
There they thir fill of Love and Loves disport Took largely , of thir mutual guilt the Seale , The solace of thir sin , till dewie sleep Oppress 'd them , wearied with thir amorous play .
How shall I behold the face Henceforth of God or Angel , earst with joy And rapture so oft beheld ? those heav 'nly shapes Will dazle now this earthly , with thir blaze Insufferably bright .
Such of late COLUMBUS found th ' AMERICAN to girt With featherd Cincture , naked else and wilde Among the Trees on Iles and woodie Shores .
Let none henceforth seek needless cause to approve The Faith they owe ; when earnestly they seek Such proof , conclude , they then begin to faile .
To whom soon mov 'd with touch of blame thus EVE .
Was I to have never parted from thy side ?
As good have grown there still a liveless Rib .
Being as I am , why didst not thou the Head Command me absolutely not to go , Going into such danger as thou saidst ?
Too facil then thou didst not much gainsay , Nay , didst permit , approve , and fair dismiss .
Hadst thou bin firm and fixt in thy dissent , Neither had I transgress 'd , nor thou with mee .
To whom then first incenst ADAM repli 'd .
I warn 'd thee , I admonish 'd thee , foretold The danger , and the lurking Enemie That lay in wait ; beyond this had bin force , And force upon free Will hath here no place .
Thus it shall befall Him who to worth in Women overtrusting Lets her Will rule ; restraint she will not brook , And left to her self , if evil thence ensue , Shee first his weak indulgence will accuse .
Thus they in mutual accusation spent The fruitless hours , but neither self-condemning And of thir vain contest appeer 'd no end .
THE END OF THE EIGHTH BOOK .
PARADISE LOST BOOK IX .
For still they knew , and ought to have still remember 'd The high Injunction not to taste that Fruit , Whoever tempted ; which they not obeying , Incurr 'd , what could they less , the penaltie , And manifold in sin , deserv 'd to fall .
Up into Heav 'n from Paradise in hast Th ' Angelic Guards ascended , mute and sad For Man , for of his state by this they knew , Much wondring how the suttle Fiend had stoln Entrance unseen .
Soon as th ' unwelcome news From Earth arriv 'd at Heaven Gate , displeas 'd All were who heard , dim sadness did not spare That time Celestial visages , yet mixt With pitie , violated not thir bliss .
Justice shall not return as bountie scorn 'd .
But whom send I to judge them ? whom but thee Vicegerent Son , to thee I have transferr 'd All Judgement , whether in Heav 'n , or Earth ; or Hell .
Easie it may be seen that I intend Mercie collegue with Justice , sending thee Mans Friend , his Mediator , his design 'd Both Ransom and Redeemer voluntarie , And destin 'd Man himself to judge Man fall 'n .
So spake the Father , and unfoulding bright Toward the right hand his Glorie , on the Son Blaz 'd forth unclouded Deitie ; he full Resplendent all his Father manifest Express 'd , and thus divinely answer 'd milde .
Father Eternal , thine is to decree , Mine both in Heav 'n and Earth to do thy will Supream , that thou in mee thy Son belov 'd Mayst ever rest well pleas 'd .
Attendance none shall need , nor Train , where none Are to behold the Judgement , but the judg 'd , Those two ; the third best absent is condemn 'd , Convict by flight , and Rebel to all Law Conviction to the Serpent none belongs .
Thus saying , from his radiant Seat he rose Of high collateral glorie : him Thrones and Powers , Princedoms , and Dominations ministrant Accompanied to Heaven Gate , from whence EDEN and all the Coast in prospect lay .
Down he descended strait ; the speed of Gods Time counts not , though with swiftest minutes wing 'd .
Where art thou ADAM , wont with joy to meet My coming seen far off ?
I miss thee here , Not pleas 'd , thus entertaind with solitude , Where obvious dutie erewhile appear 'd unsaught : Or come I less conspicuous , or what change Absents thee , or what chance detains ?
Whence ADAM faultring long , thus answer 'd brief .
I heard thee in the Garden , and of thy voice Affraid , being naked , hid my self .
To whom The gracious Judge without revile repli 'd .
To whom thus ADAM sore beset repli 'd .
To whom the sovran Presence thus repli 'd .
So having said , he thus to EVE in few : Say Woman , what is this which thou hast done ?
To whom sad EVE with shame nigh overwhelm 'd , Confessing soon , yet not before her Judge Bold or loquacious , thus abasht repli 'd .
The Serpent me beguil 'd and I did eate .
Because thou hast done this , thou art accurst Above all Cattel , each Beast of the Field ; Upon thy Belly groveling thou shalt goe , And dust shalt eat all the days of thy Life .
Between Thee and the Woman I will put Enmitie , and between thine and her Seed ; Her Seed shall bruise thy head , thou bruise his heel .
Thy sorrow I will greatly multiplie By thy Conception ; Children thou shalt bring In sorrow forth , and to thy Husbands will Thine shall submit , hee over thee shall rule .
On ADAM last thus judgement he pronounc 'd .
To him with swift ascent he up returnd , Into his blissful bosom reassum 'd In glory as of old , to him appeas 'd All , though all-knowing , what had past with Man Recounted , mixing intercession sweet .
O Son , why sit we here each other viewing Idlely , while Satan our great Author thrives In other Worlds , and happier Seat provides For us his ofspring deare ?
It cannot be But that success attends him ; if mishap , Ere this he had return 'd , with fury driv 'n By his Avenger , since no place like this Can fit his punishment , or their revenge .
Thou my Shade Inseparable must with mee along : For Death from Sin no power can separate .
Nor can I miss the way , so strongly drawn By this new felt attraction and instinct .
Whom thus the meager Shadow answerd soon .
So saying , with delight he snuff 'd the smell Of mortal change on Earth .
So sented the grim Feature , and upturn 'd His Nostril wide into the murkie Air , Sagacious of his Quarrey from so farr .
As when two Polar Winds blowing adverse Upon the CRONIAN Sea , together drive Mountains of Ice , that stop th ' imagin 'd way Beyond PETSORA Eastward , to the rich CATHAIAN Coast .
With joy And tidings fraught , to Hell he now return 'd , And at the brink of CHAOS , neer the foot Of this new wondrous Pontifice , unhop 't Met who to meet him came , his Ofspring dear .
Great joy was at thir meeting , and at sight Of that stupendious Bridge his joy encreas 'd .
Long hee admiring stood , till Sin , his faire Inchanting Daughter , thus the silence broke .
Thou hast atchiev 'd our libertie , confin 'd Within Hell Gates till now , thou us impow 'rd To fortifie thus farr , and overlay With this portentous Bridge the dark Abyss .
Whom thus the Prince of Darkness answerd glad .
My Substitutes I send ye , and Create Plenipotent on Earth , of matchless might Issuing from mee : on your joynt vigor now My hold of this new Kingdom all depends , Through Sin to Death expos 'd by my exploit .
If your joynt power prevaile , th ' affaires of Hell No detriment need feare , goe and be strong .
So saying he dismiss 'd them , they with speed Thir course through thickest Constellations held Spreading thir bane ; the blasted Starrs lookt wan , And Planets , Planet-strook , real Eclips Then sufferd .
There kept thir Watch the Legions , while the Grand In Council sate , sollicitous what chance Might intercept thir Emperour sent , so hee Departing gave command , and they observ 'd .
As when the TARTAR from his RUSSIAN Foe By ASTRACAN over the Snowie Plaines Retires , or BACTRIAN Sophi from the hornes Of TURKISH Crescent , leaves all waste beyond The Realme of ALADULE , in his retreate To TAURIS or CASBEEN .
Ye have th ' account Of my performance : What remaines , ye Gods , But up and enter now into full bliss .
Thus was th ' applause they meant , Turnd to exploding hiss , triumph to shame Cast on themselves from thir own mouths .
Second of SATAN sprung , all conquering Death , What thinkst thou of our Empire now , though earnd With travail difficult , not better farr Then stil at Hels dark threshold to have sate watch , Unnam 'd , undreaded , and thy self half starv 'd ?
Whom thus the Sin-born Monster answerd soon .
To mee , who with eternal Famin pine , Alike is Hell , or Paradise , or Heaven , There best , where most with ravin I may meet ; Which here , though plenteous , all too little seems To stuff this Maw , this vast unhide-bound Corps .
To whom th ' incestuous Mother thus repli 'd .
Then Heav 'n and Earth renewd shall be made pure To sanctitie that shall receive no staine : Till then the Curse pronounc 't on both precedes .
Hee ended , and the heav 'nly Audience loud Sung HALLELUIA , as the sound of Seas , Through multitude that sung : Just are thy ways , Righteous are thy Decrees on all thy Works ; Who can extenuate thee ?
Next , to the Son , Destin 'd restorer of Mankind , by whom New Heav 'n and Earth shall to the Ages rise , Or down from Heav 'n descend .
Such was thir song , While the Creator calling forth by name His mightie Angels gave them several charge , As sorted best with present things .
The Sun Had first his precept so to move , so shine , As might affect the Earth with cold and heat Scarce tollerable , and from the North to call Decrepit Winter , from the South to bring Solstitial summers heat .
At that tasted Fruit The Sun , as from THYESTEAN Banquet , turn 'd His course intended ; else how had the World Inhabited , though sinless , more then now , Avoided pinching cold and scorching heate ?
O voice once heard Delightfully , ENCREASE AND MULTIPLY , Now death to heare ! for what can I encrease Or multiplie , but curses on my head ?
O fleeting joyes Of Paradise , deare bought with lasting woes !
I sought it not : Wouldst thou admit for his contempt of thee That proud excuse ? yet him not thy election , But Natural necessity begot .
God made thee of choice his own , and of his own To serve him , thy reward was of his grace , Thy punishment then justly is at his Will .
O thought Horrid , if true ! yet why ? it was but breath Of Life that sinn 'd ; what dies but what had life And sin ? the Bodie properly hath neither .
All of me then shall die : let this appease The doubt , since humane reach no further knows .
For though the Lord of all be infinite , Is his wrauth also ? be it , man is not so , But mortal doom 'd .
How can he exercise Wrath without end on Man whom Death must end ?
Can he make deathless Death ? that were to make Strange contradiction , which to God himself Impossible is held , as Argument Of weakness , not of Power .
So disinherited how would ye bless Me now your Curse !
Ah , why should all mankind For one mans fault thus guiltless be condemn 'd , If guiltless ?
But from mee what can proceed , But all corrupt , both Mind and Will deprav 'd , Not to do onely , but to will the same With me ? how can they acquitted stand In sight of God ?
Thus what thou desir 'st , And what thou fearst , alike destroyes all hope Of refuge , and concludes thee miserable Beyond all past example and future , To SATAN onely like both crime and doom .
O Conscience , into what Abyss of fears And horrors hast thou driv 'n me ; out of which I find no way , from deep to deeper plung 'd !
Why comes not Death , Said hee , with one thrice acceptable stroke To end me ?
Shall Truth fail to keep her word , Justice Divine not hast 'n to be just ?
But Death comes not at call , Justice Divine Mends not her slowest pace for prayers or cries .
O Woods , O Fountains , Hillocks , Dales and Bowrs , VVith other echo farr I taught your Shades To answer , and resound farr other Song .
VVhom thus afflicted when sad EVE beheld , Desolate where she sate , approaching nigh , Soft words to his fierce passion she assay 'd : But her with stern regard he thus repell 'd .
He added not , and from her turn 'd , but EVE Not so repulst , with Tears that ceas 'd not flowing , And tresses all disorderd , at his feet Fell humble , and imbracing them , besaught His peace , and thus proceeded in her plaint .
If Prayers Could alter high Decrees , I to that place Would speed before thee , and be louder heard , That on my head all might be visited , Thy frailtie and infirmer Sex forgiv 'n , To me committed and by me expos 'd .
To whom thus EVE , recovering heart , repli 'd .
Childless thou art , Childless remaine : So Death shall be deceav 'd his glut , and with us two Be forc 'd to satisfie his Rav 'nous Maw .
She ended heer , or vehement despaire Broke off the rest ; so much of Death her thoughts Had entertaind , as di 'd her Cheeks with pale .
But ADAM with such counsel nothing sway 'd , To better hopes his more attentive minde Labouring had rais 'd , and thus to EVE repli 'd .
No more be mention 'd then of violence Against our selves , and wilful barrenness , That cuts us off from hope , and savours onely Rancor and pride , impatience and despite , Reluctance against God and his just yoke Laid on our Necks .
Undoubtedly he will relent and turn From his displeasure ; in whose look serene , VVhen angry most he seem 'd and most severe , VVhat else but favor , grace , and mercie shon ?
THE END OF THE NINTH BOOK .
To whom the Father , without Cloud , serene .
He ended , and the Son gave signal high To the bright Minister that watchd , hee blew His Trumpet , heard in OREB since perhaps When God descended , and perhaps once more To sound at general Doom .
He sorrows now , repents , and prayes contrite , My motions in him , longer then they move , His heart I know , how variable and vain Self-left .
Yet least they faint At the sad Sentence rigorously urg 'd , For I behold them soft 'nd and with tears Bewailing thir excess , all terror hide .
Whence Haile to thee , EVE rightly call 'd , Mother of all Mankind , Mother of all things living , since by thee Man is to live , and all things live for Man .
To whom thus EVE with sad demeanour meek .
Here let us live , though in fall 'n state , content .
ADAM observ 'd , and with his Eye the chase Pursuing , not unmov 'd to EVE thus spake .
He err 'd not , for by this the heav 'nly Bands Down from a Skie of Jasper lighted now In Paradise , and on a Hill made alt , A glorious Apparition , had not doubt And carnal fear that day dimm 'd ADAMS eye .
ADAM bowd low , hee Kingly from his State Inclin 'd not , but his coming thus declar 'd .
He added not , for ADAM at the newes Heart-strook with chilling gripe of sorrow stood , That all his senses bound ; EVE , who unseen Yet all had heard , with audible lament Discover 'd soon the place of her retire .
O unexpected stroke , worse then of Death !
Must I thus leave thee Paradise ? thus leave Thee Native Soile , these happie Walks and Shades , Fit haunt of Gods ? where I had hope to spend , Quiet though sad , the respit of that day That must be mortal to us both .
Whom thus the Angel interrupted milde .
ADAM by this from the cold sudden damp Recovering , and his scatterd spirits returnd , To MICHAEL thus his humble words addressd .
For though I fled him angrie , yet recall 'd To life prolongd and promisd Race , I now Gladly behold though but his utmost skirts Of glory , and farr off his steps adore .
To whom thus MICHAEL with regard benigne .
Ascend This Hill ; let EVE ( for I have drencht her eyes ) Here sleep below while thou to foresight wak 'st , As once thou slepst , while Shee to life was formd .
To whom thus ADAM gratefully repli 'd .
So both ascend In the Visions of God : It was a Hill Of Paradise the highest , from whose top The Hemisphere of Earth in cleerest Ken Stretcht out to amplest reach of prospect lay .
Not higher that Hill nor wider looking round , Whereon for different cause the Tempter set Our second ADAM in the Wilderness , To shew him all Earths Kingdomes and thir Glory .
Much at that sight was ADAM in his heart Dismai 'd , and thus in haste to th ' Angel cri 'd .
O Teacher , some great mischief hath befall 'n To that meek man , who well had sacrific 'd ; Is Pietie thus and pure Devotion paid ?
T ' whom MICHAEL thus , hee also mov 'd , repli 'd .
To which our Sire .
Alas , both for the deed and for the cause !
But have I now seen Death ?
Is this the way I must return to native dust ?
O sight Of terrour , foul and ugly to behold , Horrid to think , how horrible to feel !
To whom thus MICHAEL .
Death thou hast seen In his first shape on man ; but many shapes Of Death , and many are the wayes that lead To his grim Cave , all dismal ; yet to sense More terrible at th ' entrance then within .
Dire was the tossing , deep the groans , despair Tended the sick busiest from Couch to Couch ; And over them triumphant Death his Dart Shook , but delaid to strike , though oft invok 't With vows , as thir chief good , and final hope .
Sight so deform what heart of Rock could long Drie-ey 'd behold ?
ADAM could not , but wept , Though not of Woman born ; compassion quell 'd His best of Man , and gave him up to tears A space , till firmer thoughts restraind excess , And scarce recovering words his plaint renew 'd .
O miserable Mankind , to what fall Degraded , to what wretched state reserv 'd ?
Better end heer unborn .
Can thus Th ' Image of God in man created once So goodly and erect , though faultie since , To such unsightly sufferings be debas 't Under inhuman pains ?
Why should not Man , Retaining still Divine similitude In part , from such deformities be free , And for his Makers Image sake exempt ?
Thir Makers Image , answerd MICHAEL , then Forsook them , when themselves they villifi 'd To serve ungovern 'd appetite , and took His Image whom they serv 'd , a brutish vice , Inductive mainly to the sin of EVE .
Therefore so abject is thir punishment , Disfiguring not Gods likeness , but thir own , Or if his likeness , by themselves defac 't While they pervert pure Natures healthful rules To loathsom sickness , worthily , since they Gods Image did not reverence in themselves .
I yeild it just , said ADAM , and submit .
But is there yet no other way , besides These painful passages , how we may come To Death , and mix with our connatural dust ?
To whom our Ancestor .
Henceforth I flie not Death , nor would prolong Life much , bent rather how I may be quit Fairest and easiest of this combrous charge , Which I must keep till my appointed day Of rendring up .
MICHAEL to him repli 'd .
Nor love thy Life , nor hate ; but what thou livst Live well , how long or short permit to Heav 'n : And now prepare thee for another sight .
Such happy interview and fair event Of love & youth not lost , Songs , Garlands , Flours , And charming Symphonies attach 'd the heart Of ADAM , soon enclin 'd to admit delight , The bent of Nature ; which he thus express 'd .
True opener of mine eyes , prime Angel blest , Much better seems this Vision , and more hope Of peaceful dayes portends , then those two past ; Those were of hate and death , or pain much worse , Here Nature seems fulfilld in all her ends .
To whom thus MICHAEL .
Judg not what is best By pleasure , though to Nature seeming meet , Created , as thou art , to nobler end Holie and pure , conformitie divine .
To whom thus ADAM of short joy bereft .
O pittie and shame , that they who to live well Enterd so faire , should turn aside to tread Paths indirect , or in the mid way faint !
But still I see the tenor of Mans woe Holds on the same , from Woman to begin .
From Mans effeminate slackness it begins , Said th ' Angel , who should better hold his place By wisdome , and superiour gifts receavd .
But now prepare thee for another Scene .
But who was that Just Man , whom had not Heav 'n Rescu 'd , had in his Righteousness bin lost ?
To whom thus MICHAEL ; These are the product Of those ill-mated Marriages thou saw 'st ; Where good with bad were matcht , who of themselves Abhor to joyn ; and by imprudence mixt , Produce prodigious Births of bodie or mind .
Thus Fame shall be achiev 'd , renown on Earth , And what most merits fame in silence hid .
Of everie Beast , and Bird , and Insect small Came seavens , and pairs , and enterd in , as taught Thir order ; last the Sire , and his three Sons With thir four Wives , and God made fast the dore .
How comes it thus ? unfould , Celestial Guide , And whether here the Race of man will end .
To whom thus MICHAEL .
To teach thee that God attributes to place No sanctitie , if none be thither brought By Men who there frequent , or therein dwell .
And now what further shall ensue , behold .
The Ark no more now flotes , but seems on ground Fast on the top of som high mountain fixt .
And now the tops of Hills as Rocks appeer ; With clamor thence the rapid Currents drive Towards the retreating Sea thir furious tyde .
Whereat the heart of ADAM erst so sad Greatly rejoyc 'd , and thus his joy broke forth .
O thou that future things canst represent As present , Heav 'nly instructer , I revive At this last sight , assur 'd that Man shall live With all the Creatures , and thir seed preserve .
Farr less I now lament for one whole World Of wicked Sons destroyd , then I rejoyce For one Man found so perfet and so just , That God voutsafes to raise another World From him , and all his anger to forget .
But say , what mean those colourd streaks in Heavn , Distended as the Brow of God appeas 'd , Or serve they as a flourie verge to binde The fluid skirts of that same watrie Cloud , Least it again dissolve and showr the Earth ?
To whom th ' Archangel .
Thus thou hast seen one World begin and end ; And Man as from a second stock proceed .
Much thou hast yet to see , but I perceave Thy mortal sight to faile ; objects divine Must needs impaire and wearie human sense : Henceforth what is to com I will relate , Thou therefore give due audience , and attend .
Whereto thus ADAM fatherly displeas 'd .
To whom thus MICHAEL .
Therefore since hee permits Within himself unworthie Powers to reign Over free Reason , God in Judgement just Subjects him from without to violent Lords ; Who oft as undeservedly enthrall His outward freedom : Tyrannie must be , Though to the Tyrant thereby no excuse .
This ponder , that all Nations of the Earth Shall in his Seed be blessed ; by that Seed Is meant thy great deliverer , who shall bruise The Serpents head ; whereof to thee anon Plainlier shall be reveald .
Here ADAM interpos 'd .
This yet I apprehend not , why to those Among whom God will deigne to dwell on Earth So many and so various Laws are giv 'n ; So many Laws argue so many sins Among them ; how can God with such reside ?
To whom thus MICHAEL .
But first a long succession must ensue , And his next Son for Wealth and Wisdom fam 'd , The clouded Ark of God till then in Tents Wandring , shall in a glorious Temple enshrine .
There in captivitie he lets them dwell The space of seventie years , then brings them back , Remembring mercie , and his Cov 'nant sworn To DAVID , stablisht as the dayes of Heav 'n .
A Virgin is his Mother , but his Sire The Power of the most High ; he shall ascend The Throne hereditarie , and bound his Reign With earths wide bounds , his glory with the Heav 'ns .
He ceas 'd , discerning ADAM with such joy Surcharg 'd , as had like grief bin dew 'd in tears , Without the vent of words , which these he breathd .
Needs must the Serpent now his capital bruise Expect with mortal paine : say where and when Thir fight , what stroke shall bruise the Victors heel .
To whom thus MICHAEL .
All Nations they shall teach ; for from that day Not onely to the Sons of ABRAHAMS Loines Salvation shall be Preacht , but to the Sons Of ABRAHAMS Faith wherever through the world ; So in his seed all Nations shall be blest .
So spake th ' Archangel MICHAEL , then paus 'd , As at the Worlds great period ; and our Sire Replete with joy and wonder thus repli 'd .
O goodness infinite , goodness immense !
He ended ; and thus ADAM last reply 'd .
How soon hath thy prediction , Seer blest , Measur 'd this transient World , the Race of time , Till time stand fixt : beyond is all abyss , Eternitie , whose end no eye can reach .
Greatly instructed I shall hence depart , Greatly in peace of thought , and have my fill Of knowledge , what this vessel can containe ; Beyond which was my folly to aspire .
That ye may live , which will be many dayes , Both in one Faith unanimous though sad , With cause for evils past , yet much more cheer 'd With meditation on the happie end .
He ended , and they both descend the Hill ; Descended , ADAM to the Bowre where EVE Lay sleeping ran before , but found her wak 't ; And thus with words not sad she him receav 'd .
This further consolation yet secure I carry hence ; though all by mee is lost , Such favour I unworthie am voutsaft , By mee the Promis 'd Seed shall all restore .
THE END . 
